Chapter 107

Standing outside the door were Han Zhonghua and Lu Liangping. Their eyes were bloodshot and their circles were black. It seemed that they had not slept all night. However, their looks were good and their whole momentum was full.

Two people are still followed by three people, di Ping did not know, but he did not ask, let a few people in.

After all the people entered the room, Lu Guoliang explained the situation to di Ping. After a busy night, he finally divided the team. More than a dozen policemen were also scattered and divided into the team. The three people behind him were the three selected captains. He introduced them to di Ping one by one.

These three are Xu Sheng, the leader of the first team. He is a native of the province and a veteran. He is now in charge of an enterprise. He is in his thirties. He is less than 1.7 meters tall. He has short hair, square face, thick eyebrows and big eyes, which gives people a sense of steadiness and spirit. He is in good shape. He should often exercise his muscles and be very vigorous.

Zhang Liang, the leader of the second team, is from the north. He is black, thin and tall, with a foot of 1.8 meters. He has a high nose and wide mouth, but his eyes are very small, but he has an extraordinary spirit. He always has a gentle smile on his mouth. He has a sense of affinity. He runs three hotels with more than 100 employees and is a successful businessman.

Feng Ziming, the leader of the third team, feels ashamed when he looks at him. Di Ping is not ugly, but there are some marshals, but he is much worse than Feng Ziming.

Feng Ziming is tall and well proportioned, with a foot of more than 1.8 meters. His body has obvious intention to exercise. His face is as white as jade, his eyes are like cold stars, his nose is like a gall, his lips are red and his teeth are white. He is still wearing a neat and clean sportswear. His face is always wearing a sunny smile. His whole body exudes a confident and free temperament, which makes people unconscious I have a crush on him.

After listening to his resume, di Ping couldn't help liking this young man. Fengziming's family was originally a rich and noble family. His father was the boss of a listed company, and his family novels had more than one billion yuan. He himself was also excellent. He not only studied well when he went to school, but also didn't have the problems of a rich second generation. After graduation, he went abroad to study and came back to enter a foreign-funded enterprise Excellent performance, three years to become the general manager of the central region, can be said to be young more gold.

"Hello, chief captain!"

They all know from Lu Guoliang that this base is in charge of general Di Ping. Although they have done quite successfully in their respective fields before the end of the world, they are not as powerful as they used to be. They also saw the power of Di Ping yesterday. Their eyes are full of excitement and worship 。

"Well, all three are selected elites. I believe you can all be competent for your positions. I will give you these three brigades!"

Di Ping looked at the three people in front of him and shook hands with them one by one, and laughed and encouraged him.

"We will live up to the captain's trust!"

The three people responded in unison, their eyes glowing with enthusiasm.

"Minister Lu, simply prepare some breakfast, so that all the members of the team can pad some, so that they can't go out and walk. In the morning, the first team will follow me, while the second and third teams will stay behind!"

Di Ping stretched out his hand and looked at the time. After half past six, he was not talking nonsense. He told Lu Guoliang.

"Good! I'll arrange it right away! "

Lu Guoliang has obviously entered his role, heard Di Ping's command and immediately agreed, and then called three team leaders to bid farewell to di Ping and walked out quickly.

"Di corps, do the people in the base arrange breakfast?"

Looking at the four people out of the door, Han Zhongguo turned to di Ping and asked.

"Make some porridge? At least we should make sure that everyone has some food to eat at the bottom, and then we can make a decision after seeing the food collection at noon

Di Ping thought about it or let Han Zhongguo make something simple in the morning. Since he promised to let everyone have something to eat, he couldn't break his promise the next day!

"Good! I see! "

Han Zhongguo nodded and then turned away. He also understood what Di Ping meant. It was impossible for him to have a full breakfast. It was still possible to give everyone a pad.

Not long after Han Zhongguo left, someone came to call Di Ping, so he took Gina out. At this time, most of the people in the base were still asleep. In order to save consumption, they usually fell asleep. At this time, there were only about 300 people in the square, all of them were militia members. Porridge was cooked in the big iron bucket on the central stage. All the members drank a bowl, and one person also received half a ham, di Ping also drank a little. These are not enough for him to fill his teeth. However, this is the only way to do it now.

After dinner, the first brigade quickly assembled under the organization of the captain Xu Sheng and several small team leaders, and then under the leadership of Di Ping, removed the sundries at the entrance, walked out of the underground shopping mall in the eyes of everyone, and then quickly disappeared in the door.

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang, the first group, all left. After all of them had left, they arranged for the team members to block the entrance of the cave again, so as to save the mutant animals from running in. Instead of talking about the underground base, we now turn our attention to the team members of di Ping.

Diping took her out of the underground shopping mall. Gina followed her closely. Her eyes were alert and looked around her from time to time. There was no movement on the square. Generally, the animals at this point returned to their nests for rest, so it was the safest time.

See the safety of Diping, this is called the body team to follow, a line of 100 people with Diping quickly disappeared in the corner of the street.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!