Chapter 103

"Dong Dong Dong"

I didn't know how long he had been asleep. Three knocks on the door woke up Di Ping from his deep sleep.

"Gina, how long have I been sleeping?"

Diping suddenly woke up and felt Gina's little hand still pressing on his shoulder, then raised his head and asked.

"Master, you can't sleep for half an hour! I don't know it's the impudent who's making trouble? "

Gina looked out the door, not very well.

"Ha ha! Hard work, Zina! Call them in

Di Ping chuckled and waved his hand.

I rubbed my face with my hand to wake myself up. I thought I had been sleeping for a long time. Now I know that I only slept for half an hour. But let alone, I feel refreshed and relaxed in this half hour.

Although Gina is a little angry, people outside make di Ping rest, but she still gets up and opens the door. Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang are standing outside the door. They seem to feel that Gina's face is not good-looking. They smile and follow Gina into the room.

"Two seats! You must have something to discuss when you visit late at night

Di Ping stood up and met them with a smile, and let them to their seats. They gave Di Ping a good impression and feeling, so they could not treat Ge Zhongping like that.

"Mr. Di, everything has been done. There are six people who have dealt with it."

Two people sat down, Han Zhongguo wiped the sweat on his face, and said respectfully to di Ping.

"Oh! OK, brother Han, it's hard! Come and have tea

Di Ping said he knew it. He picked up the teapot and poured tea for them.

He is not interested in the process. If Han Zhongguo, a few bad elements, can't deal with it well, he will be a leader for many years.

"Mr. Di, I have inspected the shopping mall once, and everyone is quiet and asleep. Some people were injured in the conflict just now, but they are all minor injuries. There is no big problem!"

They were really thirsty. After a long time of work, they didn't drink a sip of water. They drank a large cup of herbal tea, which relieved them. Lu Guoliang put down the cup and breathed a long sigh of relief. Only then did he watch Di Ping explain his task.

"Well! That's good! How are the fighters doing? Are there any special performances? "

Di Ping nodded, then took out the cigarette case, took out two cigarettes and handed them to them. Looking at Han Zhongguo, he asked.

"Some of the people who used to do evil with Ge Zhongping died in the conflict last night, and some others have been dealt with. These people are used to eating more and occupying more and being tyrannical. Many people have been dissatisfied with them for a long time. So when these people die, not only will no one make trouble, but many will applaud them!"

Han Zhongguo took over the cigarette in di Ping's hand and said with some excitement.

"Ha ha! It seems that people like GE Zhongping are very unpopular. "

Di Ping said with a smile.

"Ha ha! Who said no! It's not that it's not time to report... "

Han said with a smile as he lit a cigarette.

"These people are used to bullying and blessing. Who in our gathering place does not hate them?"

Lu Guoliang is also obviously a smoker. He takes out a cigarette lighter, lights it, pulls out a small half of a cigarette, and spits out a mouthful of smoke before hateful voice says. It seems that he has long seen that GE Zhongping is not happy with his eyes.

"How many fighters are organized and how are the weapons and equipment?"

Di Ping did not entangle in this issue, people who have lost the threat do not need to discuss more. They also vomited smoke and asked.

"There are still 16 members of the team, 22 pistols and 12 rifles, but the bullets have been broken. There are 320 militia members, all of whom are young and middle-aged from 20 to 45. The weapons are all self-made, and the situation is not optimistic!"

Han Zhongguo obviously had a serious understanding of the situation of the base and did not report the data slowly when he heard Di Ping's question.

"What about the food?"

Instead of commenting on the data, dipin continued, smoking.

"A lot of food has been hidden by land and sea. All of them have been found out just now, but most of them are bread and ham. In addition, there are some stocks before, so it is enough for everyone to eat for a day!"

When Han Zhongguo heard Di Ping's question, he pressed the cigarette end out and took out a piece of paper from his pocket and handed it to di Ping, "this is the list!"

"How much more mutant dog meat is there, and how many days will it last according to yesterday's quantity?"

Di Ping waved and didn't receive the list handed over by Han Zhongguo. He just wanted to let him know. Then he looked at Han Zhongping and asked.

"It consumed nearly 2000 kg of mutant dog meat yesterday, and now there are more than 4000 kg. According to the consumption of yesterday, it is only enough for two to three days!"

Han Zhongguo looked at the paper in his hand and told him about the consumption of the mutant meat. Then he frowned and said, "however, according to my survey, all the people who have eaten the variant meat say that they feel better after eating the meat, and they are easy to eat.

It seems that there is a lot of energy in the mutant meat. In this case, 1000 kg a day is enough. Then the meat can be consumed for more than three days, so that we have three days' food stock! "。

Han Zhongguo does have the ability to figure out the eating situation of the mutant meat in the middle of the night, and his guess is very accurate.

Di Ping looked at Han Zhongguo with satisfaction. His business ability may be good, but he still lacks such personnel management and refinement work. These two people are obviously good at it. If they can be used by themselves, the construction of the base will certainly be more beneficial.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!