Chapter 110

Di Ping took a meaningful look at Xu Sheng and said with a smile, "Oh! Do you really listen to me? You're not afraid that I don't want to save you? "

Knowing that his real idea was seen by Di Ping, he felt a little embarrassed. Xu Sheng opened his mouth and said with a bad smile, "ha ha! I listen to Di's team. If you want to save, you can save it. If you don't, we won't! "

"You Di Ping's angry fingers pointed at Xu Sheng and said with a smile: "don't look at the surface of honesty, but in fact it's also a ghost spirit!"

"Haha! Di corps, I'm a real honest man Xu Sheng felt his head embarrassed and said with a smile that the man in his thirties was acting like a new recruit in front of Di Ping.

"All right! You are honest

Diping put out his hand and pretended to beat Xu Sheng. The guy stood still and was smiling. He felt that he had a fight with the fat man. The fat man would play cheap, but this one is for you to pretend to be honest, and the smile made you angry.

A group of team members are also in the side to see the real, face all show knowing smile, feel this di Corps is also very easygoing, not as violent and terrifying as killing mutant dogs.

In fact, those who have seen Diping fighting in the base fear him more than they worship him. They think that he is a strong man on the top. They can only look from afar and can not get close to him.

Now looking at di corps and Xu captain laughing and scolding, I feel that di Ping suddenly becomes real and makes people close. It is not as difficult to get along with as imagined. The atmosphere of the whole team immediately becomes relaxed.

"All right! Call up two teams and let's go Di Ping was going to save people. If he didn't see him, he couldn't do it if he didn't see him. So he didn't give Xu Sheng an order.

"OK! One team and two teams will follow me, and the rest will stay behind and stay hidden! "

Xu Sheng hears Di Ping's words immediately facial expression is one, a military salute should, turn to the team member order way.

"Gina, you stay here. Be safe!"

Di Ping also whispered to Gina, and then took the lead to walk to the commercial and residential building. Xu Sheng also quickly followed up with two teams of people. Gina did not speak, but stopped. The left behind people moved the car and things to the roadside grass under the command of the two vice captains.

The commercial and residential building is not too high, about 15 floors. The entrance is a revolving door like a hotel. People enter the hall through the gate. The hall is large in area, with more than 300 square meters. The marble floor is hung with large crystal lamps. It looks very high, but there is no one at this time.

After they entered, they found that there was no danger. Xu Sheng motioned to the two members to explore the way. The elevator had stopped and had to climb the stairs. The two positions were around the eighth floor. Everyone had to climb the stairs! Two players found the stairs and waved to the crowd.

A group of people carefully walked into the stairs and climbed up. The two members of the team were still exploring the way in front of them. They did not dare to make a loud noise, so they all walked slowly. It took more than ten minutes for a group of people to get up to the eighth floor. As for whether there were people in the lower floors, dipin could not sweep them down one by one.

Up to the eighth floor, into the corridor, people just want to find the man and a woman in that floor, when a steel door more than 20 meters away from them opened, a woman's head stretched out, carefully looked around. When they saw this di Ping and others immediately eyes bright, excited to this side of the wave.

"Di team?"

Xu Sheng also saw that woman immediately turned back to di Ping for instructions. Di Ping also saw it and nodded to him.

Xu Sheng with a few people quickly walked in the past, di Ping followed, is also a slow walk in the past, at the same time, a sneer appeared in the corner of his mouth.

Di Ping entered the door and saw that Xu Sheng was communicating with a man and a woman. The room was not small, and the hall was 70-80 square meters. The decoration of the room was also very high-end. Twenty people didn't feel too crowded when they entered the room.

As soon as Diping entered the room, a bad smell came to his face, and immediately made him frown. As an adult, he knew what it was!

His eyes swept across the room. Although the room was clean, Diping's eyes were sharp, and he could still see the dark red marks on the wooden floor and the sofa. However, Diping thought he didn't see it, his eyes swept through the two closed doors, and his eyes flashed a scornful sneer.

This man, a woman, is older. He should be about 40 years old. He is a little fat. His hair is short but well combed. It seems that he has been treated with gel. The root is upright. He looks even better. He looks greasy and smooth. He doesn't look like a person struggling in the last world. Although the man pretends to be very afraid, he looks down with a cold light in his eyes.

The woman looks like she is in her twenties. Her face is delicate. Her shoulder length hair should not be washed for a long time, which is a little fluffy, but it is still relatively neat. She is wearing a tight skirt which is very exposed. The bottom of the skirt only covers the buttocks, revealing two white and tender thighs, which is very attractive to men.

At this time, this man and a woman are warmly communicating with Xu Sheng, their faces are full of gratitude, and they keep saying thank you! The middle-aged man took out a pack of cigarettes and handed it to Xu Sheng. His face was full of enthusiasm. Xu Sheng said that he was not polite enough to reach for the cigarette.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!