Chapter 106

"Good! Great

With a clap of his hands, Diping stood up excitedly, took their hands and said with a smile, "Diping is here, thank you two old brothers! After that, we'll be in the same boat together, stirring the spoon in the pot

"Good! Help each other in the same boat

Three hands together, happy ha ha smile, Gina in the back, just feel happy, a bright smile on her face.

"To tell you the truth, I have already set up a base with hundreds of people, so the safety can be guaranteed. There are three people with strength like me in the base protection. I came to rescue after receiving the information from you."

After the three people sat down again, Diping said the purpose of his trip.

"Really? Dee, you've set up a base? Is it really safe? "

Two people are first a Leng, and then some are not surprised to ask.

It's very difficult for them to get this base, but how can they believe that they have a safe base.

"The security is far more than here. Dipin doesn't dare to make a fuss with the two brothers!"

Di Ping is very honest to assure the two people.

"Do you want to move the people here?"

Lu Guoliang body slightly forward, some uncertain inquiry.

"Yes, I want to move all the people here. The conditions here are not mature and can not be used for a long time."

Di Ping nodded and confirmed Lu Guoliang's guess.

"Is there enough food in the base? What can I do if there is no food for many people? The consumption of more than a thousand people is not trivial. Can this be solved? "

Lu Guoliang raised three questions with a frown.

"It's not a big problem. I've found a way to grow mutant grain. This kind of crop matures once a month. I've arranged people to cultivate it. As long as we collect enough food in the early stage, we can ensure the supply of food."

Di Ping looked at two people and said calmly.

"My God, is it ready in January? Is there such a crop? "

Two people seem to be unbelievable looking at di Ping asked.

"Ha ha! Two brothers? Even bigger than cattle mutation dogs have appeared, what is impossible! Isn't that amazing what you've seen these days? "

Di Ping looked at them and said with a faint smile that although the mutation seed was given by the system, he would not explain it to them, or throw it to the heaven and earth!

"Oh! This is the same way! "

They are also suddenly aware that they are too excited. It should not be strange for anything to happen.

"Now the main problem is this side. First, the relocation is not close, and the danger is very big. To ensure safety, we have to make more preparations. Second, we have to prepare enough food here, so we can't let everyone go hungry. First, we must ensure that this place can operate safely and effectively. I certainly can't do this alone. So I want to let the two share it I think it's feasible

Di Ping pondered for a while, then looked at two people solemnly and said.

"Well, you can tell me, brother."

The two immediately declared that there was no problem at all.

"Well, I'll take the position of chief commander. Next, a logistics department will be set up to take charge of the storage and allocation of materials and the food, drink, clothing, food, housing and transportation of more than 1000 people. Elder brother Han will be the minister! Brother Han, the task is more important. It's hard for you! "

Di Ping got two people's response, so he didn't talk much, and said his own ideas directly.

"Good! Brother, I'll take it. I promise to do it well

Han Zhongguo's body is looking at di Ping zhengse way.

"Brother Lu, I want to set up another department staff department. You will be the minister and be responsible for the management of the militia team site, wartime organization and base security patrol arrangement."

Di Ping took Han Zhongguo to sit down, and then looked at Lu Guoliang and said.

"Don't worry about Di general team, make sure to do well!"

Lu Guoliang also took orders with an upright look.

"All right, let's move. The two elder brothers have worked hard to organize the militia and the original team members, and divide the team overnight. I can lead the team out to collect food early tomorrow morning."

Di arranged the positions of the two men, and saw that the time was not too early. It was a little too much, so he didn't delay and ordered them.

"Good! We'll arrange it right away! "

They stood up and said, "but Lu Guoliang turned his body and looked at di Ping and asked," Di corps, how do you choose the three captains? Are you appointing or? "

"Well! Let them vote! First divide into three teams, then select the leader, then divide into small teams, and then select the team leader from the small team! "

Di Ping listened to Lu Guoliang's words, pondered for a while and then said to him.

"Good! We're going! "

Then they said goodbye to di Ping and went out busy.

When they both went out of the room, Diping stretched himself out. He was really tired today. Now he finally nodded. When these two people were busy, he became an idle man again. He could sleep again after seeing the time!Di Ping went back to bed and dreamt of Duke Zhou, while Gina sat down again in her original position to meditate and regulate her breath.

After waking up by knocking at the door again, Diping turned up and sat up. It was already more than six o'clock. According to this time, it was already light outside. Gina seemed to have finished her meditation. Seeing Diping get up, she quickly brought the prepared washbasin. Diping also went back to the landlord, enjoying the beauty service and simply washing her face Open the door.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!