Chapter 108

Early in the morning, di Ping found a member of the team who was familiar with the place, and followed him to guide the way and look for places with food.

It's hard to find a person in the small market three kilometers away from the market.

On the way, I met a mutant cat, two mutant dogs, and five or six mice that were still daring to look for food in the morning, but before Diping started, Gina cleaned them up.

Make the morning afternoon blood exuberant Di Ping is very helpless, who called himself a soldier, not moving home big ball to fly out, hit a hair?

Di Ping was a little unhappy, but the team members who were afraid to follow were happy. When they met the first mutant cat, many people's legs became weak. When they saw that the mutant cat could not pass a round and died in the hands of a mysterious woman in black, his courage was greatly improved.

When a mutant dog and a mutant mouse are all gone, everyone's courage finally comes back. They are not as afraid as before. They dare to search in the supermarket on the road.

In this way, after less than half an hour, people came to this small food city, which is called Food City. In fact, it is a community supporting small vegetable farm. There are mainly vegetable sellers and several food sellers to facilitate the surrounding residents to buy food.

In fact, the food city is divided into a vegetable market on the ground floor of a building. Clothes are sold on the second floor and the third floor. At this time, the rolling gate of the food market is closed tightly. It seems that no one has ever patronized it. Di Ping is very happy and asks Xu Sheng to arrange someone to open the door. He looks around to see if there is any danger.

A few good guys had already rubbed their fists together. At the command of Di Ping, they picked up the steel root in their hands and rushed up. After a few times of closing the gate, the gate was opened with a bang, and the young people who had been eager to wait behind were ready to rush in.

"Wait a minute! I'll see if there's any danger coming in! "

Di Ping stopped the crowd with a light drink, and then walked in by himself, while Gina followed closely. Xu Sheng quickly told the team members to pay attention to the surrounding situation.

The market is not big. It is only 40 meters long and 20 meters wide. In the middle, there are two open shops, mainly vegetable stalls, and on both sides are stores selling grain and oil.

Moreover, there are several cold food shops. There are seven or eight of them who buy grain and oil. The transparent glass door can also see many rice noodle bags placed at home. However, the stores are not big and should not be in stock!

After a careful inspection, Diping found that all the stores were in good condition, and there was no appearance of mutant animals. Then she motioned to Gina to call outside people to come in. Gina walked out of the vegetable market, nodded to the waiting Xu Sheng, and then went in again.

As soon as Xu Sheng saw it, he was very glad to ask people to rush into the vegetable market. A group of people were scared of being hungry for a long time. Seeing that there were convenient ham and rice in the grain and oil stores, they all wanted to jump up and smash the doors one by one. As soon as the door opened, people rushed in, grabbed instant noodles and tore them into their mouths.

Looking at the anxious appearance of these people, di Ping felt sour in his heart. These people were hungry, and he didn't want to take care of them. However, when he saw these people scrambling, a lot of food fell on the ground and was trampled on. His brow was wrinkled and he just wanted to talk.

"Stop! Don't be ready to rob! "

At this time, a sudden cry came, and everyone was startled by the sound. They stopped to look at the direction of the sound. They were all puzzled.

Di Ping looked at the original voice is Xu Sheng, at this time he is full of angry face to shout.

"Look at you. There's a little bit of discipline. We're here to collect food. The food we collect must be returned to the public and distributed before we can eat it."

Many people were stopped by Xu Sheng, and when they turned red, they slowly put down their food. But there were always some people who thought they were special and selfish and refused to put down their food. There were words in their mouths.

"Why let us put it down? This is the food we are looking for. Why should we take it back and distribute it?"

"Yes! You may want to be a saint. Don't drag us

"Yes! We chose you to be our master, not to let you be the master. We had already known that we would not have chosen you! "

"Well, if all the people think like you and just think about themselves, then if you die, who will give them food to your wife and children?"

Xu Sheng was obviously infuriated and yelled at these people.

"Captain Xu is right. We can't just think about ourselves. Let's put them down and divide them when we go back!"

Several people lowered their heads after hearing Xu Sheng's words, but four or five people did not even listen to them. They were still gnawing at the food. The whole quiet vegetable market could clearly hear the clattering sound of several people eating and scolding at the same time.

"Anyway, I'm alone, and the whole family is not hungry. You may want to please the superiors and climb up, but don't want to sacrifice our interests! There's no rule that we're not allowed to eat. Why should we not allow it? "

"Yes! I'm starving to death. I have to eat enough to move things? "

"That's right. People say that the king of hell doesn't need hungry ghosts."

Although these words are small, they are true to all of us. Of course, Xu Sheng also heard them. His whole body trembled with anger, his teeth clenched and his fists clenched. It seems that he always wants to rush up and hit this person's head to get rid of his hatred.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!