Chapter 104

However, di Ping knew that although these two people seem to agree with themselves and do what they say, most of them still rely on themselves because of their own strength and current situation, and they are not completely attached to themselves.

After all, these two people were municipal leaders before the end of their lives, but they were just punks. Their identity gap is here. If you want them to follow them wholeheartedly, it's still a long journey!

"The food is still insufficient! So! I have an idea. We should divide the militia into three brigades, and then break up all the original teams and organize them. Each team will choose a leader and two vice leaders.

Then each brigade will be divided into small teams with ten members, one team leader and one vice leader. From tomorrow, I will take one team out to look for food in the afternoon and leave two teams to guard the base! What do you think of it? "

Di Ping'an under the disorderly mind, said his own ideas, and then holding a teacup quietly looking at two people, waiting for their opinions.

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang looked at each other for the second time, and their eyes were shocked by each other's eyes. They had already looked high enough at di Ping, but they didn't expect the young man to use one method after another.

The team played skillfully. First, he broke up the original team to reduce the possibility of the members holding a group; second, the team was divided into three groups, and each team was divided into ten small teams, which reduced the size of the team and reduced the risk of controlling the whole militia group. Third, he took a team out to search for food every morning and afternoon. Under his leadership, these three groups of people followed his example These people will soon be completely under his command, and no one in the base can shake his authority.

However, although they knew that Diping had such a plan, they were unable to stop it. Why should another two people stop it?

They do have the idea of being in power, but they understand more clearly that the world has changed and there is no power, even if they are in power, they are not chased by mutant dogs, and they have no way to go to heaven or anywhere. However, people with great strength like Di Ping are the best targets to follow. They are not people who are dazzled by desire and power like GE Zhongping.

"Mr. Di, this is a good proposal, but I have another proposal. Now the base is in a state of loose sand, and many people have no sense of security. They are very scared and scared. People are determined! At this time, we need a strong leader to reassure the people. Although three more militia groups have been organized, there is still a lack of a leader. What do you think of my proposal to set up another chief

Han Zhongguo listened to di Ping's words, lowered his head and did not speak. After thinking for a while, he seemed to have made a decision. He suddenly put out the Yantai in his hand and watched Di Ping throw out a heavier bomb.

Since we have seen that Diping has the purpose of taking power of the base, since we can't stop it, we can push it again! It's also a good time.

"Good! That's a good proposal! I think Mr. Di is the chief of the general team. With Mr. Di's strong strength and popularity, all the people in the base must be applauding. After that, we will call the general team di. I always feel uncomfortable! Ha ha "

when Lu Guoliang heard Han Zhongguo's words, he frowned at first. In a flash, he figured out the key point and clapped his hands to praise him. After that, he also laughed.

Di Ping looks at two people, suddenly in the heart has a kind of feeling, such person suddenly so, should be ready to close to oneself?

I haven't even a tiger's body shaken. I don't want to have someone take refuge in it!

He was quite moved that he had thought of taking over the two people. Now that the two people turn to each other by themselves is not exactly what he wants. However, he is not dazed and thinks that they can be 100% sincere. He does not know how much sincerity there is, but he is confident that these two people can not run out of his five finger mountain.

People say that everyone loves Huaqiao, but there must be someone to lift it. Since two people raise themselves, they can't take advantage of all the benefits. They also have to give others some soup to drink! Thinking of this, di Ping said with a smile.

"Good! I've got the title of doing extraordinary things in extraordinary times. But I'm still young and I'm not competent enough. I need more advice from two elder brothers on the way to the future. "

"I dare not, I dare not! With Di's ability and wisdom, the two of us are really far from each other. How dare you give me some advice

Two people hastily smile return a salute way.

"Two elder brothers, I'm not joking, and I'm not a prize winner. In terms of ability and insight, I'm sure that I'm far behind the two elder brothers. I also see that they are good officials who have the ability and strength and really want to work for the people. Therefore, I have the audacity to invite them to work with me to find a good way out for these people and create a place to live in!"

Di Ping suddenly face a positive, never had serious, eyes facing two people, voice real said.

"Di Corps..."

after listening to di Ping's words, they both stood up in a hurry to explain, but they were stopped by Di Ping and then said.

"I don't know what the two brothers think of the end of the world?"

It seems that they don't know what the purpose of Di Ping's sudden shift to this topic is. They immediately shook their heads. What do they think of this as the end of the world? It's good to live.

"Let me talk about my opinion then."

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!