Chapter 102

The sound of the system disappeared. Originally, dipin had many questions to ask, but the system was silent again and did not reply. He was also stimulated by the way the system spoke.

Chatting with the system really made people feel bad. At the same time, he began to think about what the system said. He felt that the system was right.

Whether it's human beings or animals, it's actually energy. After death, energy returns to nature. Is it different whether this energy is used to raise trees or live people?

Once human beings leave the society, lose the scientific and technological means they can rely on and return to nature to accept the baptism of natural laws, they must follow the natural laws, the fittest survive, the fittest are eliminated, all of these are naked, there is no trace of warmth, if you want to survive, you have to be stronger, you have to adapt to this bloody natural law.

Is he too much of a problem, Einstein does not have a law of conservation of energy?

He said that energy is conserved, just from one form to another. What's the difference between killing mutant animals to absorb soul energy and killing people to absorb energy?

Why do you have to worry about where the energy comes from?

Just like the system says, as long as you keep a clear heart and don't be lured by the force, you can kill people and absorb energy.

People like land and sea that should be killed can become energy absorbed, but it is the best way for them to make up for the evil they have done before.

Having figured out these, Diping suddenly felt that the heart God image was lit up with a light, and it seemed that there was a shackle on his body, which was relieved.

Then he was washed by clean energy, and his whole body became transparent, bright and spotless. It seemed that the whole world in my eyes had become colorful. The sense of urgency that I had repressed before was also dissipated, and the feeling that he might be possessed at any time before was also gone.

Di Ping didn't know that this state was called enlightenment. When he had a thorough understanding of his mind, he would have realized clearly. Many things were easy to come to me. Taoism has the cloud to sit on and the enlightenment is rising rapidly. It can be seen that Taoism attaches great importance to this enlightenment. Once he realizes it, he can become an immortal.

Although this immortal is not the so-called immortal in the immortal family, it is often said in ancient books that it is an immortal beyond ordinary people. That is what the immortal should mean. It has no worries of ordinary people. What is it?

Although Di Ping's understanding just now can't soar in a day, it's also very rare. It makes his mind clear, and the problem of being possessed by demons has been solved without a blade.

Now he can upgrade again. As long as he doesn't rashly upgrade quickly without controlling familiar forces, there will be no serious problems.

It's just that he doesn't know. There's no one to guide him. He has to grope for everything by himself. It's very hard to walk on this road in the end of the world.

A relaxed smile reappeared on Diping's face. Since the end of the world, he seldom smiles. He has been in a state of tension and anxiety. A string in his mind may be broken at any time. Now he finally wants to understand and relax. Suddenly, he exudes a feeling of sunshine, warm and comfortable.

Gina has been looking at dipin's back in silence, and her heart has been very worried. When she saw him finally stretch her eyebrows and reveal her never seen sunshine smile before, she was relieved.

Gina smile, look relaxed, she understood that the master this is finally figured out, finally out of the haze, she prefers the present master, a smell of sunshine makes people intoxicated, the previous master is too boring, and there is always a fear of things hidden, like a volcano may erupt at any time.

Diping did not know that Gina, who was standing behind him, had many changes in his mind. He lit a cigarette, took a sip, spit it out, turned it into a circle of cigarettes, and then tasted a sip of tea. Then he put his back on the sofa, enjoying his face and humming pop songs. He felt that he had not relaxed so much for a long time. How long?

It should start from Su Xiao leaving his own country!

From then on, he was busy making money, racing against the clock, and did not dare to have a trace of slack, and then the coming of the end of the world, is always struggling for survival, that had leisure enjoyment.

At this time, a pair of hands reached his shoulder and pressed it gently. Diping knew it was Gina without looking back. He was very familiar with the unique and enchanting fragrance.

Let go of the distracting thoughts in the heart, but close your eyes, and begin to enjoy the tranquility of this moment on the sofa.

"Gina! Can you do that? Very good

Gina's fingers were soft but powerful, and dipin was so comfortable that she could hardly help humming. She closed her eyes and asked with a smile.

"Master, Gina worked as a maid in a big family when she was ten years old!"

Gina pressed and whispered, as if mentioning the experience had caused her mood to fluctuate, and her fingers inadvertently added force.

He could feel that although Gina said it easily, she must have suffered a lot. It is conceivable that she became a maid when she was ten years old, so he did not ask questions. He reached out and patted Zheng Jina's small hand twice and did not speak again.

Gina's face turned red, but she didn't retract her hand. She liked the intimacy between her and Diping. She could feel the security and warmth that dipin brought to her. Looking at Diping's face, a trace of warmth flashed in her eyes.She is an orphan, suffered from the world's cold and warmth since childhood, few people can care about themselves like Di Ping, which makes her feel very comfortable and intoxicated. Her mouth once again put on a warm smile and pressed it more attentively.

Feeling Gina's small hand massage, comfortable to make Diping sleepy again, closed his eyes and even fell asleep again, while Gina still stood behind him, gently stroking.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!