Chapter 105

After seeing that both of them had no opinion or asked more questions, di Ping handed them a cigarette again and lit one himself. Then he said slowly:

"the world has changed dramatically, the vegetation is growing rapidly, and the animals are mutating. As the master of the heaven and earth, human beings can only be reduced to food. It's hard for ordinary people to deal with a small and weak mutant mouse, let alone all kinds of large beasts, I'm afraid I believe you'll get no less information than I do? "

Speaking of this, Han Zhongguo and Han Zhongguo both looked heavy and nodded. Diping gave a pause and took a long breath of smoke, as if he was going to spit out the gloom in his heart. After a silent meeting, he said:

"the global communication is out of order, and the road is blocked. As more and more mutant animals wake up and more powerful mutant animals appear, human life will become more and more difficult The human gun is losing its due role. I think you should have experienced this? "

Di Ping's voice was very light, but it was like a thorn inserted into the bottom of their hearts. Both of them turned pale. They trembled involuntarily, and their hands shaking slightly as well. They seemed to recall some terrible scenes.

"I think you have seen my strength, haven't you?"

At this time, di Ping suddenly asked again, and then they looked at di Ping's Wooden nod.

"But yesterday when I came, I met a huge eagle with wings bigger than an airliner. I couldn't breathe out because of the pressure of the air force. I didn't even have the courage to look at it. There were a hundred of me who were not his opponents! How many mutant animals like this exist on earth? How do we deal with them? Or guns and guns? "

Looking at the wooden response of the two people, di Ping's words in turn, throw a more let two people can't accept things.

"Di corps, is there such a terrible mutant animal?"

Han Zhongguo suddenly looked at di Ping and asked nervously.

"Yes, I saw it with my own eyes!"

Dipin looked at his affirmative answer.

"Well, what should we do? Do we really have no way to live?"

Han Zhongguo seemed to be overwhelmed by this fact. He leaned on the back of the sofa, his lips trembled and he murmured. Lu Guoliang's eyes were dull, and he couldn't believe it.

"No, we have a way to live!"

All of a sudden, di Ping gave a light drink. His voice was heavy and powerful. He woke up the two people who were trapped in terror. He looked at di Ping in his eyes and seemed to ask in disbelief.

"Is there a way to live?"

"Yes

Di Ping's tone is full of sonorous, powerful and firm. It seems that this sentence has given two people courage and made them recover from their panic. However, they all look at di Ping with puzzled eyes.

"Animals and plants can mutate. Do you think it's normal for humans as higher animals not to mutate?"

Di Ping light smile and throw a more pound bomb, shock two people eyes dizzy.

"You seem to want to ask, haven't you? What do you think of me? If it wasn't for variation, would I be stronger? "

Di Ping smiles again and throws a bomb on the sofa again. Now they are totally out of brain. They are dizzy after being blown up. After a long time, they relax. They are surprised to ask Di Ping.

"Can humans really mutate?"

"Yes

Pipin nodded.

"That's great, that's great! There's hope for you! "

Two people get Di Ping's reply, immediately look excited, excited to say, seems to get their favorite gift of children.

"It's just that human variation is not so easy! How many have you heard or seen for a long time

Di Ping looked at the two people quietly, and then poured a basin of cold water on them. He immediately thought of the problem. His expression quickly darkened and he sat back on the sofa.

"Now I'm so powerful, I have five people under me! And there will be more! "

At this time, di Ping smiles and throws a more powerful bomb to the two people again. In this moment, he throws five or six heavy messages.

"Ah! Five people? More? "

They jumped up again and looked at di Ping excitedly. Di Ping just looked at them with a smile and smoked quietly.

"Ha ha! I said, brother Di! This time you almost beat our elder brother to death. You go up and down like a roller coaster. My heart can't stand it! It's good you don't have a heart attack, or you'll have to see Marx! "

When they saw Diping, they just looked at themselves with a smile, but they didn't speak. First, they looked at each other for a moment. They seemed to see their doubts in each other's eyes. After a long time, their eyes lit up and they finally wanted to understand. They immediately pointed to di Ping, laughing and complaining.

"Ha ha! Two brothers, I am sincere

Di Ping also laughed.

"Good! Since Di's words are so clear, I don't hide them. I also want to understand that the world is changing dramatically, and we have to change accordingly. In the future, Han Zhongguo's life will be handed over to you. If you pull me to fill the hole, I have nothing to say! "Han Zhongguo suddenly hit the table and stood up with a firm voice.

"Lao Han, not only you, but also me! If brother Di doesn't dislike it, I'll give you an adviser, and I'll give you a little help. "

Lu Guoliang is also a push glasses stand up, look is incomparably firm.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!