Chapter 109

Di Ping stood in a corner and hid his figure. He watched quietly. He wanted to see how Xu Sheng would deal with it.

He is not a God, all personnel can be comprehensive, which is very important to the training of management personnel, which is one of the purposes of his formation of three teams.

Xu Sheng came all the way today. He felt that he was a good man. He did things in an orderly way. He was calm and had the temperament of a leader. Therefore, he wanted to observe whether he was a useful talent and the ability to deal with crisis affairs.

These team leaders are the direct managers of the team. Their authority is very important. Whether they are competent or not, they have to speak with facts. Therefore, they did not manage them at the first time. Instead, they let them go. They wanted to see how Xu Sheng behaved.

Xu Sheng's chest heaved violently, his blue veins on his head sprang up, and his eyes were bursting with fire. When Diping thought that this guy was going to rush up and hit people, he was a little disappointed.

To his surprise, Xu Sheng suddenly closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths. The ups and downs of his chest slowed down, and then his clenched fist slowly loosened. When he opened his eyes, the red light in his eyes disappeared. Dipin nodded slightly.

"I didn't explain it before. It was my fault. I didn't ask about the robbery before. But from now on, in the name of the first brigade, I stipulate that after that, no one is allowed to hide or steal food without permission. If you violate the rules, you will be expelled from the team! If you have any questions, I'll explain them to di corps, and now all orders will be executed for me

Xu Sheng didn't look at the person who had just chosen to be a leader. His eyes were sharp, and his voice was steady and powerful. However, those who had been swept by his eyes bowed their heads and did not dare to look at them. It must be known that Xu Shengneng was selected as a captain by these people. He must have the ability and strength and was recognized by many people. Moreover, he was born in a military. His anger was fierce or shocking Many people are deterred.

Maybe he heard Xu Sheng talking about Di corps, or maybe these people didn't support themselves, and they were going to be expelled from the team. He looked frightened and glanced around, and then the food in his hand was quietly put down.

"Do you hear me?"

Seeing that the crowd did not respond, Xu Sheng roared again, and his eyes were sharper than before.

"I hear you!"

More than one hundred people responded in unison, even just a few prickles echoed.

"OK, move quickly and collect the food to the door!"

Xu Sheng was relieved to see that everyone followed his orders and began to move the food in the store.

At this time, di Ping has come from the corner and looks at Xu Sheng with a smile. When Xu Shenggang had an accident, he looked for Di Ping secretly. As a result, he didn't find that the general captain was there, so he had to solve it by himself. Now when he saw Diping coming, he opened his mouth and wanted to explain, but Diping smiled and reached out to stop him. Then he patted his shoulder and gave him an encouraging look Then turn around and walk out.

Xu Sheng felt the appreciation and encouragement in Diping's eyes, and his eyes turned red. Looking at Diping's back, his eyes were moved and revered.

There are many people and great strength. In less than half an hour, all the food that can be eaten is collected by these people and piled up a lot of them. There are still a few smart tricycles who have pushed out their electric tricycles. A total of four of them are large ones that can hold things.

Di Ping was overjoyed and immediately asked people to put all the food in the car, but there was too much food. Although the car was piled up very high, there were still many left to be loaded. So people thought, they found a lot of big bags to put on, and then one person carried a big bag, which finished loading all the food. A group of people drove back happily under the leadership of Di Ping.

It's no wonder that these people are happy. This harvest is really quite a lot. Apart from the disordered food, rice and flour alone have been pulled for two trucks. There are enough small bags, and this bag can have 50 Jin. If nothing else, the rice and flour alone can last the base for a few days.

Starting at 7:00 in the morning, it is nearly noon now. A group of people have been busy all morning. This is also a full day. Although Di Ping is very happy, he does not dare to be careless. He always pays attention to the surrounding environment, so as to ensure that the danger can be found immediately.

"Di corps, look at that!"

Di Ping is walking, and suddenly Xu Sheng exclaimed cautiously on one side. His finger points to a direction. Di Ping looks at it and is surprised.

The transparent glass window of a commercial and residential building not far ahead held a white board with the words "please help us!" The whiteboard is held by two people. This is a man and a woman. It's a little far away. I can't see clearly the facial expressions of the two people, but I can only see that they seem very happy to jump and wave to this side.

"Di corps, do you want to save it?"

All of them stopped to look at the two people upstairs. Xu Sheng looked anxious. He seemed to want to save people immediately, but finally he looked at di Ping.

"What do you think of Captain Xu?"

Instead of answering Xu Sheng's words, di Ping asked in reverse.

"It's all human beings. Can you help or help?"

Xu Sheng blurted out without thinking, but he was not a fool. As soon as he spoke, he thought that saving people had to rely on di Ping. However, he made up his mind when he didn't speak to the general leader of Diping, so he immediately changed his way: "but it's still up to Di's team to make up his mind."www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!