Chapter 119

"Captain, what can I do for you?"

At this time, the door was pushed open, two duty members came in to di parallel salute.

"Give these two bottles of wine to the three captains and tell them to add more food, but don't drink too much. Don't miss your duty in the evening."

Di Ping packed the Maotai wine box, took out three bottles of red and handed the two team members, and ordered.

"Yes! Chief

When the two members saw the wine, their eyes lit up immediately, but they disappeared immediately. They rushed forward to take the wine in Diping's hands, respectfully responded, and then turned and walked out.

"Well, two brothers, let's make it right."

Seeing the two players go out, di Ping smiles and greets Han Zhongguo to join in. Han Zhongguo and Han Zhongguo do not express any views on the scene just now. They don't seem to see them. When they hear Di Ping's greeting, they rub their hands and walk toward the table greedily.

Three people sat down, Diping asked Gina to come to the table. Gina refused, but in Diping's resolute eyes, she had to come over, and her expression was somewhat restrained.

In their planet, the followers are not qualified to have a meal with the host, so she is very afraid of dipin's practice, but also has a strong feeling. The master is really different from others, and is very good to himself.

When Gina took off her black robe and showed her seductive face and seductive body, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang, who were over 40 years old, were immediately stunned. Their mouths were wide open, their eyes were dull, and their cigarette ends dropped from their fingers.

"Ah

Han Zhongguo jumped to his feet. The cigarette butt fell off his leg. His pants burned a hole. He jumped up in pain. He saw several people look at his old face and blush.

Lu Guoliang was awakened by Han Zhongguo's exclamation. He saw that he had lost his cigarette. Fortunately, he fell to the ground. Otherwise, if he fell off his leg, he would jump up like old Han and throw him dead! Old face is also red!

Diping knew Gina's charm. The two men had expected it. They just looked at them laughing. Gina was more embarrassed and ruddy than before.

"Keke... I'll see you. I'll see you."

Han Zhongguo apologized to the crowd with an embarrassed smile. Then he sat down slowly, then looked at di Ping and complained: "brother Di, are you not authentic? Isn't that a joke from old brother

"Ha ha... Brother Han, don't be embarrassed. I was not as good as you at the beginning."

"Really?"

"Well, really!"

"ha ha... It seems that all men are the same!"

All three of them burst into laughter.

"But really, Gina is so beautiful. It's the first time I've seen her!"

Han Zhongguo stopped laughing, then looked at Gina seriously said.

After hearing this, Gina's face turned even redder. Her right hand stood up to her chest and gently bent to give Han Zhongguo a gift. Diping knew that this was their etiquette, that is to say thank you. Although Han Zhongguo didn't know what she meant by this gift, she looked like she said thank you. Immediately, she laughed happily and seemed very happy.

"Come on! Don't be disgusted with Gina

Lu Guoliang in the side did not dry, a hand his golden glasses a face disdain said.

"You are jealous

Old Han smile immediately stiff in the face, and then angry looking at Lu Guoliang yelled.

"Ah! Brother Di, you are not authentic. Why do you drink it secretly

Two people are about to start to do, when they see Di Ping is laughing open the bottle to pour their own wine, two people immediately quit, together with the target to di Ping denounce.

"It's OK. You two will quarrel. I'll have a drink first."

Di Ping said with a smile.

"No hurry? There's no more wine! Ah, it's not full yet...

Han Zhongguo is in a hurry. He grabs the bottle and pours it for himself. Before he fills the bottle, he is robbed by Lu Guoliang and cries out in a hurry!

Di Ping looked at these two former high-ranking people. At this time, they were like two bad friends. They pinched each other and robbed each other of wine. He thought it was very interesting. He thought that senior officials were different from ordinary people! It turns out to be the same with ordinary people.

"Come on, Dee. I'll dry this wine. You're welcome!"

When Han Zhongguo saw that the bottle had been robbed, he toasted to di Ping with a half full glass. After that, he dried the wine, and then reached out to grab the bottle from Lu Guoliang.

"Lao Han, do you want a face? Are you still like a national cadre? "

Lu Guoliang a careless wine bottle was robbed, watching Han Zhongguo pour wine into his glass which had just been drained, and said with a scornful smile.

"Ah! Now drinking is a big deal. If you don't drink, it's all for me

Han Zhongguo is not deceived, does not matter, complacent pour wine way.

"Come on! Di corps, I'd like to present this glass of wine to you. Thank you for coming here to save us from fire and water! "

All of a sudden, Han Zhongguo put down the bottle, raised his glass in both hands and stood up. He said seriously with a look of gratitude in his eyes."Lao Han is right. I also respect you, Mr. Di!"

Lu Guoliang is also a Leng, and then his hands are also holding up the glass, stretched to di Ping, the eyes are also full of gratitude.

"You are welcome! We are human beings, and we have to face the same boat to go further in the end, so this glass of wine should be, for our better tomorrow, dry

Di Ping saw the sincerity in their eyes was also very moved. He stood up with wine and looked at them seriously.

"Good! Do it

Three people's glasses collide, a head dry down, and then the glass upside down, the three opposite each other, laughing.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!