Chapter 118

Lu Guoliang was afraid that Han Zhongguo would stare at him. He ignored his pair of murderous bull eyes and shook his wine bottle with joy.

"Brother Di said to add food. If you don't take anything, you just want to drink wine. Do you think you are not authentic?"

"Haha! Mistakes, mistakes, this is not to forget

Han Zhongguo was scolded back by Lu Guoliang with his nose on his head. His old face is also red. However, this guy is thick skinned. People say that being an official is thick faced and heartless. This guy is definitely a wise Samadhi. He laughs and eludes him. Then he stands up and says.

"I'm sorry, but I have to go back to the food department! You can't save food and wine

With these words, he didn't wait for the two people to react. He actually turned around and ran out of the door, leaving Di Ping and Lu Guoliang looking at each other. Then they looked at each other and laughed.

Lu Guoliang sat for a while and left. There are a lot of things about the base. More than 1000 people are not a small number. There are many things! Di Ping, the one who gives up his hand, is in charge of him and Han Zhongguo.

Di Ping said that the two people had changed from wine to wine just now, but both of them had changed from the original to the original.

This is certainly not magic. Both of them are well-informed people. They realized at the first time that they should be the kind of storage things mentioned in novels and movies.

They know that dipin is very mysterious, a magical ability, but did not expect that he will have such mythical objects, they are very surprised!

But it was too big to know the secret. Although dipin revealed it, they didn't dare to think they knew it.

The two ghost characters looked at each other, and immediately changed the surprised object into the surprise wine. The people in the officialdom knew how to advance and retreat. Some things knew clearly that it was not a blessing but a disaster!

They knew what to ask and what not to ask, and all of them suppressed their curiosity.

People say that Qixin killed the cat, but they don't want to become a dead cat. So Han Zhongguo ran away on the pretext of cooking. Lu Guoliang sat down for a meeting and left on business. When Lu Guoliang passed a crossing, Han Zhongguo stood there smoking cigarettes and waiting for him.

When they met, they both saw the meaning from the opposite eyes, nodded to each other, and then left together. Dipin didn't know that. He didn't want to show the knapsack function. He just showed them wine to them. But he didn't think that they were too clever. They thought about it at a glance, and their judgment was not bad. So they said that dipin was still tender!

But on the other hand, it's also a good thing. The more capable he is, the more confident these two people will be, and the more thorough they will become, which can be said to be a kind of deterrent.

In the evening, the whole base was ablaze with lights. Although all the conscious people didn't dare to make too much noise, they were afraid that it would lead to mutant animals outside, but they still couldn't stop everyone's enthusiasm.

On the square stage, at this time, five big iron buckets were being burned by the fire, and the soup in the iron buckets was rolling, and from time to time, pieces of meat turned up, and gusts of fragrance diffused in the base.

There are also two large steamers beside, the white air is steaming, and the smell of steamed bread spreads with the white smoke. All the people in the base gather in the square, stretch their necks to look inside, and the water is almost dripping out.

Accompanied by Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang, di Ping stood at the edge of the stage and watched. The three captains were busy keeping order with the team members, but there was no need to maintain it. All of them consciously lined up and surrounded the stage, forming a circle of round teams.

More than a dozen staff members in charge of cooking lifted the lid of the steamer with a cry. A cloud of white fog dispersed, and large white steamed bread appeared one by one. The team was in a turmoil.

All of them were excited, and their eyes were full of longing. After these staff members took their places, they all looked at di Ping, and immediately thousands of pairs of eyes were gathered here.

Although Di Ping was staring at by so many people, but he also gradually got used to it. He nodded to the dozen people with a smile.

"Start!"

At this time, a middle-aged man in charge of cooking started to drink. All the people immediately took the bowl handed by the front man and began to make rice. One person had a bowl of broth and one steamed bread. Di Ping looked at it and found that each bowl could be filled with two or three pieces of meat. In terms of the energy of variant meat and a large steamed bread, it would be enough to fill up.

Looking at all the people have an unstable line to get food, no one cut in the queue to make trouble, this was satisfied with the company of Han Zhongguo Lu Guoliang back to the room.

As soon as I entered the room, I found that there were five or six small dishes on the tea table.

One is spiced peanuts, one is roast chicken, one is fried spicy meat, one is pork stewed vermicelli, and the other is pork fried bamboo shoots.

Roasted chicken, chili and bamboo shoots are all vacuum packaged food collected from the supermarket today. They will be used in the evening.

"Ha ha... Brother Di! Elder brother, I've got all the food and wine I've got. I'm short of your wine

Han Zhongguo points to the dishes on the table and laughs.

"Enough wine today!"

With a smile and a wave of his hand, a box of Maotai liquor appeared on the table."Ha ha! well! How about all the food and wine? Let's go? "

When they saw that di Ping made a case of wine out of thin air again, they still couldn't help their eyes flashing. However, they quickly looked at each other and quickly separated. Then Han Zhongguo said to di Ping with a smile.

"Somebody

At this time, di Ping suddenly called out.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!