Chapter 120

This night, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang were both drunk. They were carried away by several team members. When they left, they still called for another drink. However, after drinking more than a kilo, Diping just felt a little bit drunk.

He knows how much he can drink, usually half a kilogram. If he can drink more than six or seven Liang, he will not wake up. But tonight, he will drink at least one and a half catties, but he has nothing to do. He is sober minded. He just feels slightly drunk and very comfortable.

But Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang are miserable. They join hands and try to pour Di Ping down. As a result, they fall down first, but di Ping still looks the same.

We should know that they have the same amount of alcohol. At least, they have the same amount of alcohol, but they are all high with Diping.

After the two were carried away by the team members, three women cleaned up the table and sent hot water in. Even the tea was ready. Di Ping simply washed and rinsed, and sat down at the tea table to taste tea and think about things.

I went out to collect food twice today, which can basically guarantee the consumption of the base for about 10 days. I will go out again tomorrow morning to get more food to ensure the base's half a month's consumption.

He is ready to consider the issue of moving back. His main purpose is to collect food these two days. In fact, his other purpose is to collect crystal cores and recruit more heroes, so as to reduce more casualties during the migration.

Open the system again to check his own harvest. When the system appeared again at noon, he was a little distracted. It seemed that there was a tender white body twisting in front of him again. He threw the idea out of his mind and checked the system carefully.

After this change, the display of the system is different. The screen now only shows the real scene in the area.

In the system, the character attributes and backpack system are still displayed in the original position, but a new icon "build options" appears next to the backpack.

When the icon is expanded into a drop-down list, several architectural graphics appear, including the warehouse, workshop, market and other buildings that have not been built. At this time, the warehouse icon is already on, and the edge shows that it can be built, and the other gray ones show that it can not be built. In this way, it can be seen more clearly after the change.

After a brief look at the interface, he opened his backpack, killed four wild boars and several mutant dogs today, and got several crystal nuclei.

The city is now the most mutated dogs and cats, so every time you go out, you can meet a mutant dog, such as boar or rare. Today, this is the joy of surprise, not only made a lot of mutant pork, but also a few more crystal nucleus.

At this time, there were eight crystal cores of different sizes in the back of the bag. Di Ping directly changed it into crystal coins. After a click, he got 11 crystal coins. Under this situation, his total number of crystal coins finally became 31. Thus, a C-level hero appeared and he could recruit himself.

Turn off the backpack and enter the pub. Soul energy has changed from 254 to 319. It seems that 65 soul energy points have been gained in the afternoon.

Looking at these energies, dipin was eager to upgrade again, but in the end he resisted. He didn't know that he had fully mastered the power and did not dare to upgrade randomly. This is the disadvantage of no guidance. Everything has to be explored by himself.

Especially from Gina's startled appearance, we can see that the power riot must be terrible, and we should be stable.

Now he wants to verify an idea that he thought all the way this afternoon, that is, when he touches Yu Shujie today, she seems to have a sense. Can he say that he can interact with people in the base through the system?

Can you say that you can talk to people in the system directly?

These problems tangled him all afternoon and made him in a trance. He thought that the abnormal change of the system today might be because he wanted to get in touch with the base, and then the system changed. Could it be that the system knew its own ideas and changed according to its own ideas?

He had to verify these problems. For example, he decided to use Barton because Barton was a system with his own housekeeper, and his trust was much higher. He didn't want others to know such secrets.

Thinking about it, he's calling the system. Contact Barton?

The system interface changed immediately, and then the screen flashed. The camera came to a room. Sure enough, Barton was sitting at his desk reading a book. He looked very serious.

"Barton

Di Ping thought about it, looked at it in his heart and cried.

"Master?"

Barton suddenly raised his head and stood up with excitement in his eyes. He looked around and scanned, but he didn't find anyone. His eyes were a little confused and even more puzzled.

"Do I miss my master too much?"

Barton said to himself, shaking his head, trying to sit down and read.

"Barton, it's me!"

Di Ping didn't expect that his guess was really right. He got excited immediately. With this communication system, he could keep in touch with the base all the time, and he didn't have to worry about losing information with the base for a long time.

After the ecstasy, he looked at Barton's appearance and found it amusing, but he thought business was important. Let's do it first! Then he said with his heart.

"Master, is it really you? Are you back? "

Barton finally confirmed that it was not his mistake. He stood up excitedly. He thought that dipin had come back and contacted him through the castle's communication system."I haven't gone back yet. What's the situation at home? Is there any problem?"

Dipin asked Barton.

"Master, everything is as usual in the castle. It is just these two days that some mutant beasts have been wandering outside the base, but fortunately, they all let Buji kill them!"

As soon as Barton heard that dipin did not come back, he did talk to himself. First, his face changed. But he immediately seemed to know that the master was magical and powerful. Anything could happen. So his face calmed down and began to reply to Diping about the situation of the base.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!