Chapter 116

What surprised dipin was that the variation of the system was more powerful than that of the satellite. Looking from the sky, he could observe the situation of the castle from time to time, and the patrolmen on the wall could see it clearly.

It's just like watching the pictures all the time.

Diping's eyes moved away from the castle and swept to the manor. He found that two fields had been reclaimed around the manor. All the trees and weeds had been flattened and turned into dark brown land.

One by one longgou is very pleasant to watch. At this time, there are small people busy in the field. He also sees several people gathering together, standing on the stem of the field, pointing and saying something.

Di Pingxi only saw the villains. He couldn't see who they were. He wanted to look closer. At this time, the screen suddenly drew closer like a lens and came directly to these people. Suddenly, di Ping was scared to retreat. At this time, he found that he seemed to come to the side of these people. The expressions on each face were clearly seen, and there were voices coming.

Among these people, there are dellin and Chengchao, the fat man and Lao Luo, and there are two men on the edge. Di Ping doesn't know them. These people are talking.

After listening to it, it seems that several people are discussing the matter of reclaiming the land. After listening briefly, they don't find anything. They think about it again, and the camera goes back to the sky.

Di Ping began to be like a new toy child, excitedly looking at every place. He did not expect that the system was so powerful and magical that this interface just covered the entire community.

As long as every place in the community can be pulled closer and farther, which is very convenient and more comprehensive than the one who is present in person. Looking down on this community which covers an area of more than 1000 mu in the sky, he is in a mood of agitation and has a kind of wild prospect in his heart.

With such a powerful system, he must build this community into a strong and safe base for more people.

After playing with the new toy for a long time, di Ping gradually lost his interest in playing. At this time, he suddenly remembered Yu Shujie, an irritating mature woman, and didn't know what she was doing now.

Di pingxinnian just moved, the screen suddenly flashed, and then the picture changed. It seemed that he came to a room. Di Ping saw Yu Shujie at a glance. But when he saw it, his eyes widened greatly, and a stream of hot blood flowed forward. A fire rose abruptly in the field of elixir, and his breathing became rough.

The person in the picture is Yu Shujie, but at this time she is sleeping soundly with her eyes closed. She is lying on the bed with her body on her side. She actually only wears a flesh colored Pajama as thin as cicada wings. Her skin like snow is looming under the gauze. A black bud and small inside tightly wrap the charm, which is more full of charming flavor. The most important thing is that the pajama strap slides open and the chest is white and soft , sneaking out of the clothes, two points are clearly visible.

At this time, she was still sleeping. She knew that someone was peeping. She seemed to dream of something in her sleep. Her long eyelashes kept shaking. Two tears slipped from her closed eyes on the bed towel. Her body curled involuntarily, her arms were tightly held together, and her body also slightly trembled. It seemed that she was frightened.

When he saw two drops of Yu Shujie's tears, di Ping suddenly seemed to be poured down from the beginning with a basin of cold water. His heart cooled down and his breath quickly calmed down. Looking at Yu Shujie's frown because of pain, there were also tears rolling down like raindrops, which made his heart ache fiercely.

In the absence of the previous delusion, just from the bottom of his heart to love the poor woman, he stretched out his hand to gently wipe her tears, as if to wipe them off, and then gently stroked her smooth hair, eyes full of pity.

It seems that dipin's touch was felt by her. Her frown began to open slowly. Her tightly held arms were also gradually relaxed, and her curly body was also slowly relaxed.

It seems that the cat's nose gives out a comfortable hum, and the long eyelashes with tears begin to shake. The breath becomes thicker and thicker. The hum in the mouth gradually becomes bigger. The body also starts to twist. The legs rub against each other constantly. A touch of ruddy gradually covers the white face.

What's the matter with this woman? Suddenly, dipin was a little puzzled. Just now, she seemed to be frightened and trembling. Now, she looks like this again.

"Di ping!"

all of a sudden, Yu Shujie uttered a low voice. Although the voice was low, it was like a thunder blast in the air. Di Ping's body fell back and her hands came back like an electric shock.

"Damn it!"

Di Ping scolded secretly and looked at Yu Shujie who was writhing on the bed. He did not know what this woman was doing. He was not a youth living in the 21st century?

This woman is fantasizing, and the image seems to be her own, which makes Di suddenly feel like a dog. She has become the object of other people's dream and sex. Although she is a beautiful woman, she also makes him feel uncomfortable and has the ability to really? He was talking to himself.

He turned off the system with a black line on his face, but he didn't dare to look at it. As soon as he closed his eyes, he saw Yu Shujie's irritating ketone body and enchanting voice like a snake. He was afraid that he would be possessed by the devil again, so he poured a cup of herbal tea and poured it down to suppress the heat in his heart.

I don't know if Zina heard her rapid breathing just now. She looked back secretly. Dipin almost picked it up. Gina was staring at him. Her eyes were full of doubts. She quickly turned around and pretended to calmly draw out the cigarette. Without looking back, he could feel that Gina was still staring at himself with a pair of eyes.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!