Chapter 112

"Di corps, yes, I can't afford it. It's my carelessness."

Xu Sheng stood up and went to di Ping, with a look of shame and depression.

"In the end of the world, human nature degenerates and morality collapses. In such an environment, you have only one way to die. Today, this is a lesson for you. I hope you can mature as soon as possible."

Di Ping patted Xu Sheng on the shoulder, then looked at him solemnly said.

"Yes! Oh, I see! Thank you for your instruction

Xu Sheng looks at di Ping gratefully. His eyes are moved. He doesn't feel embarrassed because he is younger than himself.

He, who has been struggling in the world for many years, is just like a rookie just out of society. At this time, he really serves the mysterious captain.

He used to be a top soldier when he was a soldier. After he retired from the army, he started his own business and had small assets, so he also had his own pride.

At the beginning, when he was elected as the captain, he only sincerely believed the mysterious and powerful strength of Diping. Although he worshipped but did not respect him, now he is really convinced.

He didn't expect that the commander-in-chief, who was younger than himself, was so mature that he had discovered the secrets of these people, but he kept it secret, just to remind himself of the depth of his heart that he admired.

In fact, Diping felt that things were wrong downstairs. They couldn't see it just now, but with Diping's eyesight, the expressions on their faces were very clear.

He saw that although the two men were dancing and waving their hands, they seemed very excited, but there was no sign of excitement on their faces. Instead, their eyes were full of greed.

At this time, he knew that it might be a trap, but he looked at Xu Sheng's expression and wanted to go to rescue him. Moreover, many people in the team expressed similar expressions.

He knows that these people are still in the end of the world, but still do not know the cruelty of the end of the world. If he does not go hard, he will make these people think that they are too cold and have no good heart, which will not be conducive to the future commander.

So he decided to come up, and also wanted to teach these people lessons, so that these people understand that the end of the world is not as warm as before.

Originally, he wanted to play again, but when he saw Hu Biao's murderous spirit, he knew that this man must have killed people. He was afraid that he would suddenly shoot the team members, so he started to take these people down.

"Di corps, you see..."

at this time, a team member yelled to di Ping in panic, his voice trembled, and his eyes looked straight into the room.

Di Ping knew that. Just now he scanned his eyes. He saw two naked women sleeping side by side on a big bed. He was angry at that time. Then he hurt the assassin and summoned all his strength.

But it shouldn't be that scary, right?

Looking at the panic of the players, there should be something else. Di Ping quickly took Xu Sheng to the room.

As soon as he entered the door, Diping was stunned, and his anger rose. He just held back his anger and settled accounts for these people.

In the room, not only the two women were naked on the bed, but also two women were thrown on the ground inside the bed. None of the two women had a good body, blue and purple. All over their bodies were covered with bloodstained tooth marks. Their bodies were covered with blood and flesh, and their faces were green and black. It seemed that they had been dead for a long time. Their mouths were wide open and their eyes were wide open, In the eyes is full of resentment, seems to resent the injustice of heaven.

"Damn it, these animals!"

Xu Sheng angrily scolded, turned around and walked out. After a while, there was a scream from the outside. It can be seen that this is really stimulating to him. Otherwise, this person with professional military accomplishment will die like this.

Di Ping didn't ask about it. At the same time, he had some vague regrets. Just now his attack was too heavy, and several people were directly killed by one blow. It's too cheap for them. These people should be treated more cruelly, so that they can experience the taste of being tortured by others.

Looking at these women on the ground, Diping felt a deep pain in his heart, but he could not. At the end of the dog's day, misery was everywhere. How many people could he save with his great strength?

With a sigh, dipin turned out of the room door and ordered the team members to go in and save the two women who were alive on the bed. The two team members went to work with tears in their eyes.

Out of the room, Diping saw that two women were also rescued in another room. The two women were better. Maybe they were exclusive to tiger Biao, and they were not hurt much.

Hu Biao has eight people under him. Now there are four of them alive. Four of them were killed by Di Ping. On the spot, these four people knelt on the ground and were beaten and tortured by more than ten team members. They all know what happened in the room, and they all know what happened in the room. They are more cruel than others, and several people howl miserably.

"Well, let's have a good time! They're not people, we can't be like them! "

Di Ping saw almost, the public should vent, but also can not let these players because of psychological distortion, this just stopped everyone.

When the players heard the order, they stopped. Xu Sheng took a sharp knife from a member's hand and went to tiger Biao and grabbed his hair."Don't... Don't kill me!"

Tiger Biao was really afraid at this time. He trembled violently. His eyes were full of pleading. His tears and snot flowed down in anger. There was a yellow and white cross flow between his pants. A stench was emitted.

"Speak to those who have been tortured to death by you!"

Xu Sheng's face showed disgust, gritted his teeth and drank, and then the sharp knife went straight in from tiger Biao's back heart.

"Ah

Tiger Biao a scream, eyes stare at the boss, it seems that can not believe that he has such a day.

Xu Sheng draws a stream of blood, and tiger Biao lies down on the ground. His body is still twitching. The blood flows quickly on the wet ground. After struggling for a while, he stops struggling.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!