Chapter 114

"Han Zhongguo, we have worked together for many years. Why don't you know that you still have a good face? A cigarette will buy you off. If you have backbone, don't let me look down on you! "

Lu Guoliang said contemptuously on the edge.

"Fuck you! While playing, you little cigarette holder, you know the pain of my big pipe

Han Zhongguo didn't have a good temper and glared at Lu Guoliang.

Di Ping smiles and looks at their bickering. He likes this feeling very much. Before they fight, they arrive at the door of Diping's room. There are two team members on duty at the door. Two LED battery lights are specially placed in the channel to make the door bright.

"Captain!"

Two duty personnel immediately a salute to di Ping, and then quickly help push the room to ask.

"Hard work!"

Di Ping looked at the two people with a smile and nodded. Then, one threw a pack of cigarettes in the past, and then walked into the room in their excited eyes.

After entering the room, Diping asked Gina to have a rest. The three of them sat down and couldn't stand their yearning eyes. So one of them threw a piece of Chinese, which he couldn't bear.

This is still in a supermarket in the morning. I saw five or six of them put into the backpack and prepared to smoke by themselves. It would be nice to give one to one person. If he didn't give a bag, he would be generous.

Looking at the two people can't wait to open the package, take out the package, and then quickly open it, draw out a light, take a deep breath and then spit out, a face of enjoyment.

Di Ping took a big mouthful of tea cup in front of him. This morning, it can be said that the water didn't enter, but he was thirsty.

Han Zhongguo two people smoke a cigarette, three people gather together to chat, di Ping this just know what changes have taken place in the base.

It turns out that this is due to the variation of meat. Last night, everyone ate the mutant meat. As a result, some of them were old and weak, and some were sick. This morning, they were all miraculous and full of energy.

Some of the children have become more vigorous and vigorous. This is not good. The base has a new leader, and they are not oppressing them. They have hope. The spirit and spirit come back again.

Especially in the morning also ate porridge, which in the past did not dare to think, people said that there is food in the stomach do not panic, did not have the urgency before, one by one began to smile.

Especially when they saw the mutant dogs carried back by the team members and bags of rice and flour, these people knew that they didn't have to worry about starvation. They were even more excited. Their enthusiasm was like the new year's Eve. They ran to help without any orders.

With these words, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang are also excited. They are also happy that the base has regained its vitality. They feel that their heavy heart has finally put down the burden.

As soon as di Ping arrived, he got rid of the evil official Ge Zhongping, restored the order in the base, and got a lot of food to ensure the people's life in the base. The most important and powerful strength brought security to all the people. They felt that their choice was right. Only with such a person can they have a way out and show their ambition.

Di Ping is also very happy. Looking at all the eyes of the base showing their desire and enthusiasm for life, he does not look dead. He feels that his actions have been greatly affirmed. People say that helping others is a happy thing. He is in such a mood at this time.

After that, di Ping talked to them about what happened outside, and they both lamented. They thought that GE Zhongping was bad enough, but now he is still a good man. He only seduces people with interest. He is restrained in evil things like this abnormal thing, which only happens on the surface.

"Ah, it is often said that people's lives are like grass roots in troubled times. Today I really understand the deep meaning of this sentence!"

Han Zhongguo heaved a deep sigh and said in a low tone.

"Yes! Just a few days ago, human nature has collapsed to such a degree. It's really overwhelming! "

Lu Guoliang also looked sad.

When it comes to this topic, the three of them are quite heavy and smoke in silence. Until a team member comes to ask Han Zhongguo for instructions on the lunch cooking standard, the silence of the three is greatly opened.

"Di corps, what do you think we should do at noon?"

After listening to the players finish, Han Zhongping turned his eyes to di Ping and asked.

"Minister Han, you are responsible for the logistics. You can see the arrangement. However, I have a suggestion that we should make everyone eat enough so that we can work hard."

Di Ping put the problem back on the ground that Han Zhongguo was the Minister of logistics, but in the end he put forward his own suggestions.

"Good! I see. I'll arrange it now! "

Han Zhongguo nodded, and then got up to say goodbye. Lu Guoliang also stood up and motioned to di Ping. After that, he and Han Zhongguo left quickly. Again, only Diping and Gina were left in the room.

After the two men closed the door, dipin leaned his head on the sofa, closed his eyes and rested for a while. Then he opened his eyes and opened the system. Today, he has killed many mutant animals. He has to see how much crystal nucleus and soul energy he has got.

Click on the backpack, and the backpack interface appears in front of him. Now, there are a lot of things in the backpack. In addition to a black gold sword in the first grid, a lot of tobacco, wine, food and other things are put in the second grid. This space is almost one cubic meter, and it is almost full. In the third space, there are few East and West, and only a dozen crystal nuclei are isolated in this cubic space.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!