Chapter 117

Only when the team members sent the meal to dipine, he saved him from embarrassment. Only when she was eating, Gina looked at him with strange eyes from time to time, and she was helpless and had to eat with a sullen head.

The lunch was relatively simple, with meat soup and potatoes. This was also brought back by dipine. A bowl of rice, dipine also ate a lot of food.

After a simple rest, he was ready to join the second team only after the time was a little. He was going out to collect food this afternoon. Gina followed him out of the door, waiting for him when the square team had been assembled.

He spoke with the south of the Han Zhongguo Lu Guoliang. Diping took the team out. In the morning, they were heading west. In the afternoon, he was going to visit the south. He dared not go to the East. It was the direction of Dihu. The mutant crocodile was there. He could not go there before he could turn the variation crocodile.

Fortunately, only a few deeping thought that just now, the door met a group of wild boars, a big boar with three small boars, Diping two words to go up to clean up.

Only knowing that the mutant meat can be eaten and good, he regrets that the last three hundred jin wild boars were lost by himself.

The boar was excited by the team members, a swarm of bees carried to the shelf car, maybe affected by the first team, the second team did not know who this hand, actually built five four wheel shelf cars.

The frame is assembled by the original shelf. The wheels are car wheels. There are two handlebars in front of them. Although it is simple, it can be loaded. It is 5m long and 2 meters wide. Guardrails are added along the side, like the shelf car used in rural living Diping.

So there was a strange line on the street. A hundred people pushed five strange cars, walked silently on the street, glancing around them with a flickering and nervous eyes, carrying various weapons in their hands. They thought they were ancient bodyguards, like a group of escort escort cars.

Today, I was lucky. I went out for only two or three kilometers and turned four or five streets. I met five supermarkets. All the food water in the supermarket was empty. Four shelves were completely filled. The other car was filled with four mutation boars. So dipine led the team back.

When passing a small area, he met people again for help. Diping went up, killed two people in the mutated dog community and ran out. There were actually twenty people. I don't know how these people survived. Although they were gray faced, they were still good.

Only when asked, did one know that one of them was food making, and the community rented a room for food storage. So when the people in the community gathered in one piece under his organization in the last generation, they survived. Only today there were many food, but the water was cut off.

But everyone dare not come out, there are always two mutated dogs wandering in the community. He has seen three people can't stand running out, but none of them have run away, all of them die under the sharp mouth of these two mutated dogs.

These 20 people see Diping and other happy as if to see relatives, excited and jumping, a cry and a smile.

They had already despaired, knowing from their cracked lips that they didn't lie, and Diping signaled to the second team leader Zhang Liang.

Zhang Liang immediately understood that he asked the team members to send some water to these people. They took the water excitedly, filled a bottle of water and entered their belly in three or two seconds. They were really thirsty.

At 5 p.m., Diping returned to the underground base with the second team, and was met again by heroes. A group of people joined the battle and moved the food into the base happily.

Especially when a large wild boar weighing 1000 kg was carried into the base, everyone was boiling, and it was not obvious to compare the 120 Jin variation dog.

Diping is also happy to have a big hand in the stew tube, the whole base is boiling, in the base of almost fanatical eyes and applause, di Ping this in the company of South Korea and Lu Guoliang to return to the room.

"My brother, two, have a meal tonight!"

When the door is closed, Diping suddenly looks at Han Zhongguo and the two people smile mysteriously.

"What's the meal?"

Two people looked at each other, and they were confused about what Diping meant.

"Ha ha, add this!"

Suddenly, Diping laughed, and reached out to the table with his hand. A bottle of Maotai liquor suddenly appeared on the tea table.

"Maotai!"

They stood up in a startling voice, and they stared at the wine on the tea table. They stayed for a while, looked at each other and moved away quickly. Then they suddenly showed ecstasy.

"Oh, old brother Di! You are the Savior Bodhisattva. You have been greedy for it. No! This noise itch is the death! I'll have a mouth first! "

Han Zhongguo smiled at Diping and then coughed and reached for the bottle on the table.

"Ah! I said that Han Zhongguo, you are not very authentic! "

Only Han Zhongguo grabbed an empty hand, the wine on the table was quickly grabbed by the other hand. This hand was Lu Guoliang. The product shook and joked in the depressed eyes of South Korea.

"Why am I not authentic?"

Han Zhongguo stared, asked angrily, his eyes were not angry.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!