Chapter 111

At this time, the sudden change happened. When Xu Sheng reached out and touched the smoke, the middle-aged man's eyes suddenly flashed with cold light. His hand holding the cigarette turned into a claw. He grabbed Xu Sheng's hand and then pulled it hard behind him. Xu Shengna was on guard, and he was directly lying down on the back of the man's sofa.

Xu Sheng's reaction is also very fast. As soon as he got down, he immediately pressed his hand to get up, but it was too late. A cold pistol was on his back.

The second team members in the rear were stunned by the mutation. When they responded, they would rush up to save people with a cry,

"don't move, anyone who moves again will be killed!"

At this time, the middle-aged man's face was fierce, holding a gun in his right hand against Xu Sheng's head, while ferocious to the crowd, the players were all on the spot for a moment.

"Bang..."

suddenly, there were several loud noises. The doors on the left and right sides of the hall were opened, and five or six people rushed out of the hall. At the same time, two people poured into the door behind the crowd.

All of them were ferocious, with guns in their hands, long guns and pistols. They surrounded Diping and others in the center. The black muzzle pointed at the people and sent out the call of death. All the members of the team did not dare to move, but they looked at Diping behind them one after another.

"Hula!"

Seeing that many people were looking at di Ping, they immediately gave a shout, and four or five guns turned to point at di Ping at the same time.

"Are you their head?"

At this time, the middle-aged man who pressed his gun on Xu Shengtou looked at di Ping with some doubts and asked. It seemed that he didn't understand such a young man as the leader of this group. The reason why he caught Xu Sheng was that he thought Xu Sheng was the head. Now it seems that he is not.

"What do you mean?"

Di Ping did not answer the middle-aged man's words, but put one hand in his pocket, the other hand holding a cigarette, calmly looking at the middle-aged man asked.

"What's the cost of tiger Lord and them? Let them deliver the food!"

At this time, the middle-aged man next to a bald big man with a gun fierce point at the crowd shouting.

"Bareheaded, you talk a lot!"

The middle-aged man, known as the tiger master, glared at his bald head and applauded. It seemed that the bald man was afraid of the tiger master, and he would not speak when he shrunk his head.

"This little brother is in Hubiao in Dongcheng. Today, he only wants to seek wealth, and he doesn't want to hurt people. In such a world, if you have to eat, you will be offended. As long as you deliver the food, you will never lose your word! Take some people downstairs safely! "

After the tiger Ye stops balding his head, he turns to look at di Ping and says in a deep voice.

"What if I don't agree?"

Di Ping's eyes swept over these people's bodies. When he saw the situation in the room through the open door, his eyes flashed with cold light. He looked up at Tiger Biao and said coldly.

"Ha ha! No, brothers, he doesn't agree

Tiger Biao seems to hear what joke, laugh, others also laugh, eyes full of ridicule.

"It seems that my tiger tiger Biao has not become powerful these years. Many people still regard me as a sick tiger, so no one dares to talk to me like this in my years!"

The tiger Biao who is laughing wildly suddenly looks cold, his eyes are cold, and he stares at di Ping, saying word by word.

"Now there is!"

All of a sudden, di Ping's body was shocked and a violent and murderous spirit came out of his body. All of us suddenly felt that he was facing a terrible beast, and his whole body sank. Tiger Biao also felt his body stiff, as if frozen by the dead eyes of this man, and his whole body could not move.

"Boom"

however, di Ping moved. He pushed his right foot hard, and his body shot out like lightning. Then there was a gust of wind in the room, and then he heard it.

"Bang..."

there was a lot of noise, and then there were seven or eight big men with guns, which seemed to have been thrown out by an invisible boxing, and hit the wall or furniture with a bang.

When Di Ping's figure appeared in front of the tiger master again, and then slowly walked towards him, the tiger master called soberly from the shock. However, he was more frightened when he came to sober up. The pistol pointed to di Ping and shrieked: "are you... A person or a ghost?"

Di Ping looked at him step by step without expression.

"Don't come here, i... I have a gun!"

At this time, the tiger master was no longer as arrogant as before. At this time, he was more like a tiger who lost his teeth. He stammered and his hand shaking with his gun.

"Ah

At this time, Xu Sheng, who had just been pressed on the sofa with a gun pointing at his head, rushed forward. He grabbed tiger Biao's wrist with the gun, and then violently broke it back. With a click, he twisted his arm to the back, and then forced him to lie down on the ground.

At this time, Xu Sheng's face showed fierce light, and he seemed to be angry at his mistake just now. His hands didn't stay at all. Hu Biao was lying on the ground and howled in pain. However, Xu Shenggen ignored him and knelt on his back with his knees, which made him struggle.

At this time, a group of team members reacted, coax a sound to rush to those big men who were beaten. They twisted their arms and pressed them down. Two more people came up to take Hu Biao from Xu Sheng's hand and knelt on the ground.The two teams were terrified. They didn't expect that they would have been trapped here if they hadn't been there.

Xu Sheng was even more angry. He beat wild geese every day, but he lost his eyes today. Moreover, he lost such an adult in front of the general captain. How could he not be angry.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!