Chapter 115

Di Ping ordered a total of 13 crystal nuclei. These crystal nuclei were large and small. He thought and exchanged them directly. After a click, he got 15 crystal coins. Now his number of crystal coins has changed from 6 to 21.

Then he opened the tavern and looked at soul energy 264. Before, he remembered that there were 179 left. This time, he got 85 soul energy points, which was enough for him to upgrade several levels, but he didn't dare. Dipin had decided that in the future, if he didn't fully understand the power of each level, he would not upgrade randomly. In terms of the system, he thought that he would listen and make the base firm.

"Zina, did you upgrade your rank by meditation?"

Di Ping looked back at Gina, who was playing on the bed. She was very hardworking. Whenever she was free, she would meditate.

"Yes, master! We can improve our spiritual level by practicing magic, and we can control each level of our spirit

Gina opened her eyes when she heard dipin's question. There were some doubts in her eyes. She didn't understand why dipin asked these questions.

"Gina, how long can you get up to level one and level two by meditating like this?"

Di Ping did not have the doubts in Guan Jina's eyes, but immediately asked.

"Master, this time is uncertain, but I have a feeling that if it is fast, it will be three or five days, and if it is slow, it will be ten days. I am sure that I can be promoted to one or two levels!"

Gina thought for a moment, and finally said with a certain look. As soon as she said this, she suddenly felt a shock. Her black robe had no wind, and her golden hair seemed to be moved by the wind. It seemed that she felt something. She closed her eyes immediately, and her back was sealed, and she became meditative again.

Even Gina's forehead trembled and her brow seemed to wrinkle.

For two or three minutes, Gina stopped shaking her body, and her wrinkling head gradually expanded. Her breath became stable again. It seemed that she was very comfortable. Her mouth gave a light voice unconsciously.

"Master! This... "

two or three minutes later, Gina suddenly opened her eyes, suddenly jumped out of bed and ran to di Ping. Her face was full of surprise and excitement. She grabbed Diping's arm and asked, her beautiful blue eyes were about to drip water.

"Gina, how many levels do you think you can improve? Are you going to be promoted two levels? "

Di Ping nodded to her with a smile and then asked.

"Master! No, no

Gina's face turned pale from surprise. Her eyes were frightened and her hands swayed: "master! I have to be familiar with and master this level of energy before upgrading again. If I can't master the energy, I'll create energy backfire! "

"All right."

Diping was a little disappointed. Originally, she wanted to upgrade Gina by two more levels, so that she could be stronger. If she was promoted to a higher level, she would have to throw herself into her arms. If she was promoted two more levels, maybe the goblin would come in directly. There was a little evil in Diping's heart, just to let him down.

At the same time, dipin also proved one thing, too fast upgrade does not control the power is easy to have problems, he does not understand, but Gina's planet is a perfect training system, although Gina is only in grade one, but she has learned a lot of basic knowledge.

After confirming his own idea, dipin is not teasing Gina. He comforts Gina, who has just been frightened, to familiarize her with the new strength. He opens the pub again to see if there are new heroes coming out of the recruitment.

You have to open the new system and open the tavern. You can see that the soul energy has changed from 264 to 254. Gina has consumed 10 points of energy for her upgrade. It is too economical for dipin now, and it is not a problem at all.

Instead of looking at it more, he opened the recruitment process, and the interface slowly appeared in a white light. Three heroes appeared in the box. Maybe they had run out of luck before. These three heroes are all d-level potential heroes. Bite!

He spent a crystal nucleus to refresh and look, the interface changed again, and when the white light dissipated, he was disappointed again, or three d-level, no way?

Di Ping had no choice but to sigh. It was impossible to master luck.

Looking at the list of tavern heroes, he has already had four recruitment heroes. The first one is Owen, the S-level potential hero warrior he has just recruited; the second is the B-level hero holy Muk; the third is the C-level potential hero savage boogie; the fourth is the d-level potential hero wizard Gina who follows him.

"I don't know what happened to the base? Can't get in touch? "

Looking at the list of heroes, di Ping suddenly misses his base sometimes. He has been away for two days. He doesn't know what the situation is like there. Although there are three heroes to protect him, he is still worried. It's a bit rash for him to leave before the base is fully mature. This kind of thing can't be done next time.

He asked with emotion that he was going to close the pub when he was about to close the system interface.

All of a sudden, the system interface changed, and he immediately opened his eyes. He didn't know what was going on. Was there something wrong.

Four or five seconds later, the interface changes stopped. Dipin was surprised to find that the interface changed from 2D to 3D.At this time, he looked at the interface as if looking down from the sky. The castle, manor and Tavern could be seen clearly. In the sky, he could see how big the castle was. The whole area covered the back half of the community. He looked like a giant beast lying on the ground. It was very magnificent. Not only did he see every building of the castle clearly, but also the people patrolling the walls of the castle It was very clear.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!