Chapter 113

Three tiger Biao's subordinates, at this time to see the boss dead, scared face, and then desperately begged from the crowd!

Another three team members, seeing Xu Sheng's attack, made a fierce look. The sharp knife in their hands, with a puff, stabbed the three people in the back of their hearts. Then they drew out the sharp knives with blood. They fell on the ground, and the blood gushed. The three team members looked at the three people who were constantly twitching on the ground. They stepped back two steps and looked at the bloody sharp knife in their hands. Their faces were pale.

Stupefied for several seconds, the three people took a breath, gradually calmed down, wiped the blood of the sharp knife on the sofa, the cruelty of the last world made them these ordinary people become tough.

"What about this woman?"

At this time, Xu Sheng grabbed the exposed woman's hair that attracted several people to come up. He lifted her out of the back of the sofa and asked Di Ping.

"Ah

The woman cried out in pain, and then her face was full of panic and cried: "I was forced, let me go! I was really forced

"She was not forced. When I saw tiger Biao holding Xu team just now, her face was smiling with pride again!"

One of the players suddenly pointed to the woman and exclaimed.

"Put her down and let's go. There is no distinction between men and women in the end! If you commit a crime, you have to pay for it! "

Di Ping's face is very plain. He saw the woman's proud appearance just now. It seems that she is very adapted to such an end of life. She doesn't want to save such a person. She can't save her heart. However, he can't let the team members become bloodthirsty. In fact, it's no different from killing her. The only difference is that she doesn't do it yourself.

"Let's go!"

Seeing that all four people died, di Ping called on all the people and went out with the four rescued girls.

"No! Please take me, i... I can wash and cook! no no You don't want to leave me, ah... You can't die easily

When a woman hears that di Ping wants to keep her, she rushes up like crazy and wants to hold him. She is only kicked to the ground by Xu Sheng, and then she looks like a crazy cry. When she sees that everyone goes out of the room and locks the door, her eyes are full of resentment and cursing bitterly.

But no one paid attention to him, and the party quickly went downstairs and let her bark like a mad dog in the back.

When Di Ping took two teams of people and four sluggish women to join the team again, many people showed a puzzled look. Wasn't a man and a woman asking for help at that time? How did they become four women with problems? After the team pulled out, when they learned what happened, many people were silent. The whole team was very quiet, and everyone had a heavy expression.

Di Ping was not in a good mood. He didn't speak all the way. The road was quieter at noon. He only met a team of three mutant dogs. He was kicked to death by a bad mood of Di Ping. Seeing the violence of the general team, when he returned to the team with a cold face again, the team was still in a state of silence.

Only when they returned to the base and were warmly welcomed by all the people, did the smiling faces of these people reappear. When dipin saw a group of people happily moving food in, his mood immediately improved.

Accompanied by Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang, they walked into the underground base. Immediately, he felt that the atmosphere was different. If he came in for the first time, he felt hopeless and lifeless. This time, he was full of vitality. Everyone's face was full of smile.

On the way, I didn't see anyone in a room lying still. It seemed that they all went to help carry the food. These people came forward, and the food was moved in soon.

When the six mutant dogs were carried in by the militia members, the whole underground base people were boiling. People rushed out to see the mutant dogs. Dozens of children ran with a smile, not sleeping as before. Their parents didn't move around. On the contrary, they felt a little lively during the Spring Festival.

"What is the situation?"

Di Ping was a little puzzled. He didn't believe it. With a few words of his own, these people began to grow up with enthusiasm. Is that the credit of Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang?

It's certainly not!

If they had this ability, the underground base would not have happened before. All this made him feel a little unreal, so he asked Han Zhongguo two people.

"Di corps, if you want to talk about the change of the base, thank you!"

Han Zhongguo is very excited and looks at di Ping with his eyes shining.

"Oh, thank you? Talk about it! Thank me for what? "

Di Ping was stunned at first. What did he thank for? Was it possible that he was out looking for food, but it didn't look exactly like it. So he asked the two people.

"Ha ha! All right, I don't sell officials. Let me tell you! I finally know that there are times when chief Di can't sink

Han Zhongguo laughed and joked with di Ping.

"Brother Han! You are just mixing my taste! But you can not say that I can only share this good thing with brother Lu! "

Di Ping has no good breath said, and then a hand a Chinese cigarette appeared in his hand, a face of evil looking at Han Zhongguo.

"Ah! Brother Di! Di brother, brother's fault, I admit it, I admit it's wrong, OK? "As soon as Han Zhongguo saw what was in Diping's hand, his eyes brightened and he reached out to grab it. However, di Ping's hand flashed and smoke disappeared in his hand. He snatched an empty space and suddenly changed his face. He laughed and admitted his mistake to di Ping.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!