Chapter 128

"Well, don't worry about Di corps!"

Feng Ziming heard Di Ping's order and nodded, then turned to arrange the task.

After a while, three teams of more than 100 people, each team as a unit, began to sweep the building, and dipin came to Gina.

"Master

Gina seems to have a sense, open her eyes to see di Pingzhan Yan with a smile.

"Gina, are you feeling better?"

Di Ping is full of concern.

"It's much better. If you adjust your breath for another half day, you'll be able to recover completely."

Gina let go of her gesture, stroked her hair in front of her forehead and gently returned.

"Good! That's good! "

Di Ping gave a sigh of relief, then looked at Gina and said softly, "you can relax. I'm going to get some gasoline now. You should be careful here!"

"Master, I will go with you!"

As soon as Gina heard that dipin was going out, she would immediately get up and go with her.

"Don't move about. You can take care of yourself. I'll be back soon."

Di Ping pressed her and said in a tone that could not be refused.

"Well!"

Gina was di Ping serious tone to town, dare not move, only aggrieved small mouth a Du way.

"Ah

Diping looked at Gina's mouth and nose. She was so cute that she reached out and scratched her nose. Gina was so embarrassed that she screamed softly like an electric shock. Her face became like a red apple. Her eyes were shy and charming. She looked at Diping like spring water.

Di Ping quickly shrunk his hand, felt his nose embarrassed, and then ran away.

Gina looked at Diping's back in panic. She covered her small mouth, raised her eyebrows and began to smile. All of a sudden, the whole room seemed to be bright.

But fortunately, now the players are out, no one to see, otherwise, I don't know if these young hot guys can't stand it.

Who knows who can stand Gina's charm? Dipin can't stand to run ahead of time. He doesn't want to show it in front of Gina's watch. It's true that men are animals thinking in the lower body.

Di Ping looked down, suddenly speechless, thinking that he really didn't strive for success?

Diping went out of the room and saw that the team members were carefully prying open the glass doors of one company and going in to collect food.

He is not in the situation. He is going to get some gasoline. He has an idea for a long time. There is a parking lot at the bottom of the building. I'm sure that there will be no less parking cars. Getting some cars should not be a problem. Now it's time to find something to load oil.

If you enter a company randomly, the company covers an area of 500-600 square meters. As expected, Diping sees that there are five or six mineral water buckets behind the front desk and four or five drinking fountains in the office area, all of which have a bucket of water. Almost every company has such a bucket.

There are more than ten employees in his own company. It is necessary for employees to drink more water, so he knows that he can find any company he wants.

Di Ping out of the company door, see a small team just from the edge of a company out, so called them, let these people come to help.

Under his instructions, several people poured out all the mineral water in the bucket, and then took the bucket with them and went to the underground parking lot from another corridor.

Di Ping walked in front of him. He was worried about the danger in the parking lot. Fortunately, when he got to the parking lot, he didn't encounter any mutant animals. The underground parking lot covers a large area of 3000-4000 square meters, and there are many cars in it, about one or two hundred vehicles.

Seeing all these cars, di Ping was very happy. He quickly asked the people to get the oil. Ten people of the team came forward one after another to find a way to get the oil, but after searching for a long time, they had no idea. They could not find the pipe. Looking at the helpless expression of the people, di Ping knew that they would not be able to do it.

Diping went over and, in the eyes of all the people who were shocked, turned the car over with both hands and exposed the fuel tank under the car.

Then he reached out and grabbed a two meter long steel stick from a dull looking team member and stabbed at the fuel tank of a car.

How powerful is dipin now?

Five thousand jin Juli, the iron sheet of the car is like a layer of cardboard box, and a bucket of it is deeply inserted. As soon as the steel bar is pulled out, the oil immediately flows out. Some members of the team rush forward with the bucket to plug up the oil.

Therefore, di Ping overturned a car all the way, which was just a stab. He made more than ten cars in a row. The team members started to pick up the oil with buckets. After a while, all the ten liter barrels were full.

After turning over more than a dozen cars, dipin also had a disordered breath. Each car weighed one or two tons, and he was also very hard to turn it over.

After a long time of breathing, the team members also filled the oil, which led by Diping to carry the oil tank back to the upstairs room.

At this time, there were team members in the room to deliver food. There was a small amount of food in an office. It seems that the amount of food stored in this office building is not small. In less than an hour, we have collected this much. A desk of 20 square meters has been filled.

There are still teams coming back from outside, putting the collected food in. Everyone brings some more or less with them. It's like ants moving food, until noon everyone comes back.Fortunately, there was no danger. The office building should not be powered by 24 small units, so no one in the building came across it, let alone the mutant animals.

Finally, Feng Ziming returned with a team of people. They had a lot of harvest. Unexpectedly, they found a staff canteen on the 16th floor, which should be the staff canteen of the property management of the building. In it, a dozen bags of rice and noodles, including some root vegetables and leaves, were dried and yellow and could not be eaten.

After arranging everything, Feng Ziming came to di Ping, looking nervous.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!