Chapter 129

"Di corps, I don't think the second floor can stay any longer."

Feng Ziming patted the dust on his body while looking at di Ping.

"What's the matter?"

Di Ping asked a little puzzled.

"I just came in and had a look. The wasps built their nests too fast. I'm afraid the wasps will find out if they are too close here!"

Feng Ziming looked worried.

"This is also a problem, but we can't go too high. Once the fire attacks at night, we are afraid that the fire will not be easy to control, but the whole building will be in danger."

Di Ping thought about it and thought it was right, but he was also worried.

"What about that?"

Feng Ziming frowned and couldn't think of any good way.

"In this way, the tables and chairs block the passageway, and the anti glass wasps can't see the inside, so it's OK to add a layer of shelter!"

Di Ping thought about it and thought that he had to use this method at present, so he said to Feng Ziming.

"Well, that's the only way. I'll arrange people!"

Feng Zi Ming's eyes lit up and thought it was feasible, so he immediately turned around and asked the team members to move tables and chairs to block the passage. In any case, there was still a staircase to go up and down, and there was no need for one on this side.

Busy for a long time, it's already noon. Feng Ziming arranges people to start preparing lunch. Most of the snacks found in the office building are snacks. It's certainly not enough to satisfy hunger.

Feng Ziming also had a way. He actually moved down the gas tank on the 16th floor and made a gas stove. He simply made a fried potato and steamed some rice. Everyone ate it.

···········

at this time, in the underground base, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang looked anxious. They walked back and forth at the entrance of the cave from time to time with their eyes looking at the entrance of the cave. They were holding cigarettes in their hands and smoking from time to time. More than a dozen cigarette ends had been thrown on the ground.

"Is something wrong?"

Han Zhongguo looked at Lu Guoliang and asked anxiously.

"Don't talk nonsense!"

Lu Guoliang stopped Han Zhongguo's words in a low voice. He glanced at several players around him, and then pretended to say aloud, "the strength of Di general team will not be any problem. There must be something to delay!"

"Oh! Yes, yes, ha ha, I'm in a hurry! "

Han Zhongguo is also a human spirit. He understood Lu Guoliang's eyes and said with a smile.

Just now, he was anxious to say that he had let out his mouth. If the base people knew that there was something wrong with Diping, they would blow up the nest. Everyone in the base knows that only with dipin can we ensure that everyone can eat and be safe. If there is an accident with Diping, will the sky fall?

If these people think that there is something wrong with Diping, the base will certainly be in chaos. Now that the base has just stepped on the normal level, how can it be chaotic? When Han Zhongguo thought of this, his scalp was numb and his back was sweating.

"Brother Lu! Fortunately, you are clever! What now? "

Han Zhongguo approached Lu Guoliang and asked in a low voice.

"We can only wait now, pretend that there is nothing wrong with it, arrange everything in the base and wait for Di corps to come back! I hope it won't happen! "

Lu Guoliang thought for a while and then sighed helplessly.

"Good! That's it. You hold on to team one or two. I'll arrange lunch. "

Han Zhongguo also knew that this was the only way to do it, and he sighed.

This wait is to wait until the evening, there are many people in the base feel wrong, many people know that the team led by Di corps to collect food is not all back in half a day?

This how a day has not come back, some players have begun to discuss in secret.

More daring people went to ask Lu Guoliang. He could only say that di had said before that he wanted to explore the way today, and might spend more time to kill these people. He just looked at these people with questioning eyes. He knew that these people were not easy to fool.

Fortunately, there is no shortage of food in the base now. Although there are many people who are in doubt, they have food and drink. Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang are two people who are stabilizing the overall situation. The overall situation is relatively stable. Only when they have dinner in the evening, they find that the atmosphere is somewhat depressed. Although many people are carrying bowls of rice, they don't have too many smiles on their faces, and their eyes twinkle with a flash of light.

There is a light tension in the whole base spread, pressure everyone look nervous, even the children are quiet around their parents, not like before to play.

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang have been paying attention to the situation of the base. He is anxious about the situation of the base. This is only the first day. If Di Ping doesn't come back tomorrow, what will happen to the base is really hard to say.

At this time, they really felt the effect of dipin on the base. He was like a sea god needle. He seemed to be able to calm all people's minds. They were no longer afraid or worried. When he was not there, these people were in a state of confusion.

They were sitting in the room, smoking and drinking tea all the time. They didn't speak. The whole room was filled with strong smoke, but they didn't feel that their mind was gone. No one knew where they were.

··········Di Ping is also waiting. He is waiting for the dark. The drone in his ear is constantly humming. The variation of the size of a sparrow, the wasps flap their wings together. The huge sound is almost the same as that of a helicopter. The listener is annoyed.

This morning did not stop, constantly flying in and out, the nest with visible speed rapid growth, this morning actually has 20 or 30 square size, but this is not the end, is still growing.

If the wasp does not enter the nest completely, the fire attack effect will be greatly reduced, so he is waiting.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!