Chapter 127

"All right! Are you all so quiet that you're scared to see this danger? "

Looking at the people who were angry and accusing the young man, di Ping suddenly felt irritable. He didn't want these people to blame each other when they were in danger. If everyone was so selfish and self-supporting, he felt that it was really unnecessary to save these people. In the face of danger, it was necessary to help each other in the face of danger.

"In the face of danger, we have to watch and help each other. We can't just think about escaping from danger. We just want to think about ourselves. This little brother is right. You borrowed the car, but you have to pay it back. When it comes to danger, we only think about ourselves. You are angry at the little brother's opinion just now, and some people even want to do it! Have you ever thought that he is your companion and you can rely on him? "

Di Ping eyes sharp looking at the people, words merciless, all people were di Ping's eyes swept, are ashamed to bow his head.

"If you push someone else in case of danger, can I say that I can go by myself now? Why should I help you? Why do we get food for you? Why protect your safety? "

"Captain, we are wrong!"

at this time, some players looked at di Ping in tears and said, "brother, we are wrong!"

After that, many members of the team also stood up and apologized to the black and thin team members. The young black and thin people were more excited with tears and waved their hands in a hurry.

At this time, a team member came forward to catch the hands of the black and thin young players, and then all the members of the three teams stood hand in hand with tears in their eyes. They looked at each other with tears and shook their arms vigorously. The eyes were full of excitement and enthusiasm and whispered: "we are brothers! We give each other our lives! Please believe me

Looking at this scene, Diping's eyes are also a little wet. This nation is a magical species. Sometimes it makes people hate, and sometimes it makes people love. Although they will fight against each other constantly, they will persecute each other for their own interests, and they will fight for power to kill countless people. However, in the face of disasters, foreign invasion, and national crisis, they can often break out a strong cohesion, which can unite all people Together, to face the danger, to pay their own lives for their relatives, even strangers, is everywhere in history.

"Captain!"

At this time, all the people turned their eyes to di Ping and cried out in unison. Their eyes were firm, enthusiastic and full of reverence. Even Feng Ziming's eyes were red, and they were full of excitement and worship when they looked at Diping.

"Good! All good brothers

Di Ping looked at the scene in his eyes and drank happily. This is the person he wants to save. This is the man who is willing to fight for his life. This is the hope of mankind.

"What's your name?"

When all the people were relieved from the excitement, Diping looked at the black and thin young man in front of him and asked.

"Back to the chief, my name is Wang Cheng!"

The black and thin guy was excited to stand upright.

"Have you ever been a soldier?"

Di Ping looked at Wang Cheng's standard military ceremony and asked.

"It's the commander-in-chief of the infantry brigade of Shenzhou military region. It's been three years since I joined the army, and I've just changed my career this year!"

Wang Cheng's body was straight and he looked straight ahead.

"Ha ha! OK, don't be nervous! I'm not the leader of your army! "

Di Ping looked at Wang Cheng and laughed.

"Haha! Used to it

Wang Cheng felt embarrassed and said with a smile.

"Do you have any way?"

Di Ping looked at the shy young man and asked with a smile.

"Commander in chief, I think the brother said right just now, you can use fire to attack!"

Wang Cheng heard Di Ping's question and said excitedly.

"Fire attack, tell me about it!"

Di Ping heard that Wang Cheng also proposed to use fire attack. Just now a member of the team proposed it, which was denied by the public. Now Wang Cheng actually mentioned it again, but he must have some good way.

"Commander in chief, I have dealt with wild wasps in the army. We sprinkle gasoline on the hornet's nest at night, and then light it with fire. At night, the hornet's eyesight is not good, it won't run around, and it's easy to burn!"

Wang Cheng quickly told us his experience in killing wasps in the army.

Di Ping thought that this method was feasible! But wait for the night?

Di Ping, who was hesitant to retreat, finally decided to get rid of the wasps.

This wasp swarm is not only uneasy for Di Ping, but it's not far from the base. Who knows what the foraging radius of the wasp is. If there are no mutated animals around, you can know that these guys are very aggressive. If these wasps wander to the base, then it will be troublesome. At that time, migration will become a problem. Now, it is best to take advantage of the unstable hornet swarm 。

"Captain, I think it's possible!"

Fengziming at this time also wake up to di Ping surprise said.

"What's your opinion, brothers?"

Dipin asked, glancing at all the players.

"You can have a try. It's a disaster to stay here!"

The team members have said that they want to kill this group of wasps. All of them become belligerent and seem to be fearless."Well, that's it!"

Seeing the attitude of the people, di Ping made a plan for the night attack. Turning to Feng Ziming, he said, "I'll arrange the team members to sweep the building to see if we can find some food. I'll go out and get some gasoline. In the evening, we'll have a barbecue Hornet's nest."

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!