Chapter 121

After communicating with Barton for a while, he finally knows the situation of the base. Although he has a system that can be viewed intuitively, he just has this one today. What happened two days ago is not clear at all.

After he left, there was only one buggy in the base. Fortunately, the base was quiet on the first day, but on the next day, some mutant animals began to roam around the community. Fortunately, only one or two mutant dogs were killed by Buji.

On the third day, Irving and Mok, two heroes recruited by Diping, came to visit the neighborhood and killed about a dozen mutant animals, which made the community quiet.

Deepin was relieved when he heard that everything was OK in the base, so he told Patton to arrange Owen and Mok to clean up in their own direction and create a five kilometer safe route, so that he could connect with the migrants from here.

Barton took the order, and Diping felt that there was nothing to tell him, so he said goodbye to Barton. Originally, he still wanted to see Yu Shujie, but he didn't know how. He always felt a little inappropriate in his heart. Finally, he left the system with a sigh.

Looking at the time, it's already more than 11 o'clock. It was ten o'clock when the three people had a good drink tonight. It took a lot of time to check the system.

At this time, he also felt tired, stretched out and stood up to go to bed to rest. He had just sat on the bed, Gina, carrying a basin of water to him again.

Diping knew that it was Gina who wanted to wash her feet. He knew she couldn't get rid of it. He also enjoyed it.

After the last epiphany, he felt that there was no need to be too real about everything, just be happy. Since Gina was willing to accept it, why did she have to face the pain?

Enjoy it! As the old saying goes, everyone is lazy. Once you enjoy it, the second time you enjoy it, the landlord's wealth will be yours! He thought it was good.

This boy is a little degenerate! Excuse yourself!

Under the touch of Gina's little hand, dipin felt sleepy. After washing his feet, he fell asleep. Gina also poured water to close the door and helped dipin cover the list again. He also came to his little bed and sat cross legged to meditate.

There was no word all night.

When Diping came to sleep, it was already six o'clock. She opened her eyes, looked at her watch and got up. Gina, who was meditating on the sand, opened her eyes, and then quickly got up to serve her.

Now Diping really has a kind of master's feeling, but he has no choice. This Gina is more and more considerate, but I have to say, in fact, he really enjoys it.

Well, don't mention the gossip. After breakfast, Diping took Gina and the third team to join together to prepare for today's collection. The third team actually borrowed the five carts of the second team, even the four three wheels of the first team. It seems that they want to pull more and cover down the popularity of the first two teams.

Feng Ziming, the handsome leader of the three teams, takes the lead and is full of vigor and vitality. From time to time, he talks and laughs with the team members, and he is excited to welcome dipin.

"Good captain! Our three teams are all here, waiting for your instructions

Feng Ziming, with a sunny smile and a clear voice, reported to di Ping.

"Good! Captain Feng is working hard. Let's go! "

Di Ping smiles and says with appreciation in his eyes.

He had a good impression of Feng Ziming in his heart. Although it was his second meeting, he felt good about himself.

He is not only handsome, but also sunny, which gives people a sense of steadiness and positive energy. He does not have the vanity of many young people. He always smiles gently to anyone. He never blushes with others. He feels that he can't compare with him, so he really appreciates Feng Ziming.

·············

"Captain, are we heading north?"

Looking at di Ping walking in front of him, Feng Ziming asked by his side.

"Yes! Yesterday, we touched the West and the south. Today we have a look to the North! "

Di Ping's sharp eyes swept around and said without looking back.

In fact, his main purpose is to sweep the way back and find out the situation, so that he can have a good idea of the migration, but he can't tell Feng Ziming about these things.

"Captain, I know there is a large supermarket three kilometers north and a little further west. Shall we have a look?"

Feng Ziming seemed to think of something. His eyes were bright and his voice was loud.

"Good! sure! You'll show me the way

Di Ping is also from the good into the stream, their own people in this blind touch, it is better to find a place directly so faster.

"Good!"

Feng Ziming looked excited and began to lead the way ahead.

He didn't expect that his first construction team of Di immediately followed, and his mood was very good, indicating that di Ping was willing to listen to his own opinions, which made him very excited.

It was very quiet on the road, and there was no mutant animal on the way. This made dipin wonder. Is this unreasonable?

If there are so few mutated animals, why are there no people in these buildings?

Shouldn't it?

He walked this road the day before yesterday, more or less saw a few stray mutant cats, but did not want to make extra troubles. He and Gina quickly went around and did not kill them one by one.But today, none of them can be seen. Where have the animals gone?

A series of questions lingered in his mind, which made him feel uneasy. It seemed that something would happen.

"Be careful? I don't feel right? "

Di Ping turned back and whispered to the players.

"In danger?"

Feng Ziming also quickly turned around and asked nervously.

"It's hard to say! It just doesn't feel right! "

Di Ping shook his head and nodded again. Feng Ziming was blinded. Looking at Diping, he couldn't feel his head. He only saw his serious face and the action of scanning around from time to time. His heart was also tight, and he hastened to ask all the team members to pay attention to safety.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!