Chapter 126

Standing at the door, Diping draws out a cigarette and smokes it silently. Feng Ziming looks at Diping in silence all the time, and his face is gloomy.

"Let's go! First go back and discuss... "

after a cigarette is finished, di Ping throws down the cigarette end and smashes it with his feet. Then he looks at Feng Ziming and says in a deep voice.

When the members of the team looked at the gloomy Di Ping and Feng Ziming coming back, they didn't know what had happened for a moment. Could not even their powerful Di team solve it? Suddenly one by one in the heart flustered up, buzzing carefully to talk up.

"You see, Di's face is not good-looking! What should be the matter? "

"What can we do? We can't do it. We're not going to die?"

"I knew I wouldn't come out today! The first team and the second class are all OK. Why are we so unlucky? "

"Shut up

Feng Ziming heard the noise of the discussion, his face suddenly did not look good, and whispered.

Feng Ziming was still a little dignified. With a roar, all the members of the team closed their mouths in a hurry, and they did not dare to talk nonsense again.

"Talk to everyone

Di Ping swept his eyes around and said to Feng Ziming.

"Captain?"

Feng Ziming was surprised in a low voice.

"Say it! We should know that maybe we can come up with some good idea! "

Di Ping laughed and waved his hand carelessly.

Feng Ziming saw that di Ping had made up his mind, he did not insist on it. He looked at the team members who were staring at his eyes, and then he told the whole story.

What do you think Dee looks down with his head down, so surprised!

It turns out that the wasp didn't leave because they couldn't find people. Instead, they built a beehive on the glass platform in front of the hall of the building.

Looking through the glass on the second floor, di Ping only saw thousands of wasps flying in and out of the building. On the platform, a nest visible to the eye was rapidly forming. The whole street was buzzing with bees, and there was no dead corner at all. At this time, going out was no different from dying.

"My God! They build their nests here. How can we get out? "

"What can I do? How could there be such a terrible wasp

"Ah! So we can't get out? "

"What to do, what to do! It's over, it's all over! "

After listening to Feng Ziming's account, all the members of the team immediately became calm, and the lake aroused a thousand layers of huge waves. Many people's faces all changed and they cried in panic.

"All right, it's all quiet!"

Di Ping looked at the noisy room and said in a deep voice, "brothers, don't be afraid. The reason why we explain the situation to you is to see whether everyone has any meaning. It's no use just to be afraid."

"Yes, let's listen to Di's team and see what's the best way to do it!"

Feng Ziming also followed Di Ping's words.

Hearing Di Ping's yelling, the panicked team members finally calmed down. They just listened to Feng Ziming's idea, and some of them were stupid. Now their minds are blank and there are ideas.

"I think we can fire it!"

At this time, a member of the team actually suggested.

"How can you send the fire up

But as soon as he finished, a member of the team immediately asked.

As soon as the fire attack team members shook their heads like rattles, they sat down with embarrassment and smile. Other people also had no idea, and the room was quiet for a moment.

"What can Di's team do? My mind is blank now!"

At this time fengziming also turned to look at di Ping, a bitter face said.

"There's no way to deal with these mutant wasps right now. No, we're going to get out of the back!"

Di Ping took a look at Feng Ziming and nodded. There was no good way now, so he had to point to the floor glass of the office.

"Yes! We're only on the second floor. Break the glass and go out from the back. We can't take another road! "

Suddenly, all the players suddenly realized, and said with joy.

"What about the car in front of our building?"

At this time, a clear voice came, which was so unique among the joy sounds, so everyone heard it.

"Car? We need a car now. Let's save our lives. "

People are angry to the direction of the voice look past, some people are angry voice scold way.

Di Ping looked up. He was talking about a thin, black young man. It seemed that he was 20 years old at most. When he saw all the people's eyes glaring at him, he looked at the people nervously and uneasily.

"The car is borrowed."

Although the black guy's eyes were a little scared, he still said in a stubborn low voice.

"You say it!"

"What's the matter with a few broken cars?"

"Yes! That's right, life matters now! "

" if you want a car, you can get it yourself. Don't you want a car? You must go now

This sentence immediately attracted public indignation, some people yelled at it, and others seemed to rush to hit people.Di Ping asked in a voice, like a sharp knife stabbed in everyone's heart with blood.

"At this end of the world, we humans have changed from high-ranking predators to being hunted and preyed upon. There are many crises in human survival, and countless people die every day. If we do not work together again, we can't trust our teammates, and we can't risk our lives to help each other, do we have any hope? Who else can I rely on? Tell me

A series of strong rhetorical questions made everyone look down with shame, and many of them even cried in a low voice.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!