Chapter 123

"My God! Is this Bumblebee too scary? "

A member of the team tried to keep his trembling voice down.

"Don't make a noise. You want to die! If you want to die, don't drag on us. It's smart

Some players glared at the players who had just made a sound and whispered to stop.

Not to mention the fear of the team members, di Ping is also a cold sweat, he also knows that this thing is powerful, what's more, if the mutation of the huge wasp, if they rush on, they can't hold it!

People hide in the building and stare at the outside nervously. They dare not move. They are afraid that one of them will disturb these terrible guys.

This group of wasps did not know what was wrong with them. They stopped and hovered in front of the building door. It seemed that something attracted them. All the members of the team were sweating. They thought that the wasps would fly away in a short time, but they stopped and hovered around the building.

"What to do, di corps?"

Feng Ziming, who is hiding behind Di Ping, has a pale face. He looks at the outside in his eyes and asks in a trembling voice.

"Wait!"

A word came out of Diping's teeth. He was also a black line at this time. What did these guys do when they gathered here?

At this distance, he can clearly see the sharp rear tail of the mutant wasp, flashing green light, which makes people's heart bristle. He dare not move now, for fear that any movement will startle the Hornets. At this time, he can only wait. If the hornet swarm is startled, whether he can survive or not is a different matter. This group of people do not know how many can survive, and he dare not bet!

"Crash"

at this time, a sudden sound of glass fragmentation sounded in the hall, like a blast of thunder, which shocked everyone.

Di Ping's three spirits suddenly scared flew two spirits, and quickly looked back. It turned out that a member of the team suddenly knocked off the glass lampshade leaning against the wall. At this time, the team member's face was pale and he was standing there at a loss.

"Go upstairs

Di Ping was furious in his heart, but he could not help it. He turned back and swept out. Suddenly, his hair stood on end. The bees outside stopped. They all turned their heads to this place. He drank in a hurry, and his voice changed color.

"Oh

"Run!"

All the members of the team were stunned at first, and then they understood. They yelled and ran to the building one after another. The other team members grabbed the member who had just caused trouble and pulled into the building.

However, there was a firewall at the door of the ladder. People were panic to open the door, but the door could only be opened by two people in parallel. At this time, they all swarmed in and crowded together and blocked there.

"Zina!"

Di Ping's back shuddered and a layer of sweat came out, which was a long time ago. But at this time, there was no way. The Hornets had already responded, and then they rushed to the building door. He called out Jina in a hurry. Gina also understood dipin's mind and stretched back.

"Ignition!"

With the sound of a drink, dozens of fireballs formed in Gina's palm, and then shot like fireworks toward the swarm of bees pouring into the door opening.

"Boom..."

the violent explosion sounds, a burst of crackling sound, like thousands of fireworks exploding in the air, dozens of fireballs burst out, countless flames such as volcanic eruption, enveloping the bees.

Suddenly, it seems to trigger a chain reaction. The flame flares up, and hundreds of wasps are burned in the fire. Then, like a winged bird, they fall to the ground, and the bee colony seems to hit a flame barrier.

"Buzzing..."

it's just that there are too many bee colonies. However, Jina's flame has burned tens of thousands of wasps, but it still has little effect on tens of thousands of bee colonies. More wasps seem to be enraged by the death of their accomplices and emit a greater buzz, and then rush towards the flame barrier like moths to the fire.

"Gina, hold on!"

Di Ping looked back and saw that the blocked man had just been pulled away. At this time, only a small part of the team went in. Most of the team members were still outside and were rushing in anxiously. He had to turn back to Zina and say that he hoped to stick to it for a while.

"Well!"

Gina maintained the flame barrier with all her strength. She didn't reply when she heard what Di Ping said. She just said, two small white hands changed their seal, and dozens of small fireballs were produced out of thin air, and then shot towards the barrier.

"Boom..."

there were bursts of explosions, and the flames were even more turbulent. The whole building door was covered with flames. Hundreds of mutant wasps who had just broken through the flame barrier just hit the fireball and turned into flaming birds one after another.

With a black gold sword in his hand, Diping kept a close eye on the direction of the door and protected Gina. He was afraid that a mutant bee would rush in to hurt Gina and disturb her casting.

"Di corps!"

After a while of confusion, all the members of the team finally entered the stairs. Feng Ziming stood behind the fire door, stretched out his head and yelled to di Ping, shouting and waving at the same time.

"Boom... Crash!"

Di Ping was so happy that he turned back and was about to ask Gina to withdraw. However, the glass on both sides of the door was barbecued by high-temperature flame and exploded."Hum..."

the countless wasps blocked outside the door seemed to find a gap in the flood and burst in like a torrent.

"Gina, back off!"

Di Ping suddenly wanted to fly, and his cold sweat came out. But at this critical moment, his mind was extremely calm. He watched Gina drink anxiously, and then his body moved in front of Gina.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!