Chapter 122

Di Ping took out his own black gold sword and held it in his hand. His eyes were shining. All the members of the team who were waiting for him to get nervous also got nervous. The whole group of people looked at them cautiously and looked around in panic.

It's not too far from fengziming's supermarket. You can see it when you walk 500 meters to the West.

The supermarket building, which is the headquarters of a chain supermarket, has been built by itself. The first room is catering, the second to fourth floors are high-end department stores. There is a large-scale comprehensive supermarket on the first floor.

Di Ping passed by before, but he didn't notice. The whole building was 13 stories high, standing alone there. There was no lively image of people flowing in front of the building. There was no one left. It was quiet and terrible.

When they saw the expression of many people in the supermarket, they were excited and completely forgot the nervousness just now. If it wasn't for Di Ping's silence, they would have been unable to help rushing up.

Looking at the good entrance guard, you can know that the supermarket has not been patronized, which means that there will be a lot of food waiting for him to pull. Today, it will definitely surpass the harvest of team 1 and team 2. Not only are the team members excited, but Feng Ziming is also short of breath.

He saw that the first team and the second team had collected a lot of food. Today, he was under great pressure. So he suggested that di Ping go to such a far place. He wanted to have plenty of materials here.

When he saw that the supermarket had not been robbed, he breathed a long sigh of relief, and his face showed a smile. This time, he might be the sum of the harvest of the first and second teams, which could not but make him happy.

The purpose of Di Ping's setting up three brigades is to facilitate management. If there are too many people, if they are managed centrally, they can not be refined. In many cases, they are extensive and easy to be confused. That's why he came up with this method.

But he didn't expect that the three teams would start competition within two days after the division. There was no way to do it. Where there were people, there was competition in the river and lake.

"Captain, let's go on?"

Feng Ziming some can not wait to come forward, behind the players are also full of excitement in the eyes, eager to try.

"Wait a minute!"

Di Ping stopped Feng Ziming, who was going to move forward. His eyes were fixed on the front and his ears were erect. It seemed that he was listening to something.

Feng Ziming saw that Diping stopped him, his expression was serious, and he looked around nervously, but he didn't find anything abnormal. All the team members were looking at each other and didn't know what happened.

"Buzz..."

at this time, a burst of buzz came, and everyone was stunned, and finally they all heard it.

"What sound?"

Some players are listening and questioning.

"Sounds like a bee? But why is the sound so loud that it seems to be getting closer and closer? "

Another player frowned.

"I sound like a bee, too! It's getting louder and louder. It seems to be flying to this place? "

Another team member exclaimed.

"Come on, get into the building!"

Di Ping's ear power was heard earlier and clearer than most people heard. He grew up in the countryside. He heard the sound like the wings of bees rapidly stirring. After judging by the team members and their own judgment, he immediately changed his face and cried out anxiously. Then people ran to a building on the right, and Gina followed closely.

"Ah! Follow the captain

The crowd was stunned at first, and then, ah, a scream followed Di Ping and ran to the building.

"Come on, get in!"

How fast did Di Ping run to the door of the building, smashed the glass door with a knife, and stood at the door commanding the team members who had been in a panic to hurry up.

"Fool! Drop the car and come in first

At this time, he saw that two people were still pushing their carts. They seemed to want to push the car forward. Di Ping immediately pointed to the two people and swore angrily.

"Oh

Two people this just like a dream to wake up, put down the car to run quickly.

All of them were young and middle-aged, and all of them were very fast. Soon they all ran into the building and began to hide. Their eyes were rolling around and looking out.

After Di Ping saw all the members of the team come in, he quickly walked into the building. At this time, all the members could hear the sound of the motors coming from the outside, which was like the roar of a helicopter.

The sound was so loud that it seemed to be outside the building. The shaking glass of the building was also buzzing. Everyone's face changed greatly. Their eyes looked out in panic. So did Di Ping.

"Hum..."

at this time, suddenly the sky is dark outside, like a dark cloud covering the sky. The hum is even more like in the ear. The shaking building also rings, and the glass vibrates violently. The glass will burst suddenly.

"Ah

At this time, a scream sounded, but at the beginning it seemed to be covered by something, and the second half of it was pressed back. This was because someone was too frightened to make a sound. Immediately, they felt it was wrong and covered it with their hands. All of them were staring at the outside.

Di Ping is also the same, although not as exaggerated as the players, but not to there, at this time his eyes lenglenglengleng looking at the outside.It's no wonder that Diping was surprised. At this time, a cloud of black flies in front of the building to block out the sky and block out the sun. The huge buzzing sound makes the eardrum ache. It looks like a flock of birds flying by. If it is really a crowd of birds, people would not be so surprised. The sky is a group of birds the size of sparrows!

It's a group of wasps. How can a sparrow sized wasp not surprise people? Ordinary wasps can be scared to death by watching them. They swarm on one another and accidentally bite more, which may kill them.

There are no TV and newspaper cases where people are stung and killed by wasps. This small thing is extremely toxic. No one knows how toxic a wasp the size of a sparrow is. However, no one wants to try it. No one thinks his life is worthless.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!