Chapter 124

Gina looked at Diping's back in front of her, her eyes flashed a touch of warmth, but then seemed to make a decision, and suddenly her eyes were firm.

Her hands were printed and changed again. More than a dozen fireballs were agglomerated in the air. However, Gina's face turned pale and her head was covered with beads of sweat.

"Gina! Stop it! Go

Di Ping turned back and found that Gina was still standing there, and the fireball was starting to condense again. Moreover, his face was pale and frightening. Layers of sweat appeared on his forehead. He knew what Zina wanted to do and immediately cried out anxiously.

"Master, go!"

Gina shook her head firmly, whispered a few words in her mouth, and then looked at the swarming bees. The blue light in her eyes flashed and her hands pushed forward fiercely. The fireball in front of her body shot like a shell.

"Boom..."

the fireball with its whistling smashed into the wasp swarm that just came in, such as the bomb fell into the oil depot, the explosion sound burst out again and again, and countless flames shot wildly, turning the whole building cave space into a sea of fire.

Countless horses are burned in the fire. As long as the wasp touches a little wing, it will be vaporized instantly, and then fall down like a broken winged bird.

"Zina!"

When Diping saw this, he was stunned. He didn't expect that Gina had inspired such a big flame barrier this time. A large number of wasps fell in the flame barrier like raindrops. The speed of wasps rushing in was blocked. Looking back at Gina, dipin's face suddenly changed. He yelled and rushed to Gina.

At this time, Gina seemed to have exhausted all her strength. Her body was soft and collapsed to the ground. Diping flashed and hugged Gina. Then she shot again and rushed to the fire door.

"Captain, come on

Feng Ziming pokes his head and sees Diping holding Gina. He wants to rush to this side and open the door to wait. Suddenly, he looks at di Ping's back. His eyes are full of panic. Then he wakes up and looks at Diping's scream of panic.

Di Ping is holding Jina, who is completely paralyzed. Hearing Feng Ziming's cry, he doesn't dare to look back. With the force exerted at his feet, the speed increases again. At his current speed, more than 30 meters, that is, more than a second, Diping rushes into the fire door.

"Bang..."

when Di Ping came in, Feng Ziming immediately closed the fire door.

"Bang, Bang..."

countless wasps were just two or three meters behind Diping, and there was no time to stop. It was like a bullet hitting a fire door and banging.

This is the flame barrier that blocked the wasp for two seconds. If dipin's reaction was slower, he would be overtaken by the wasp.

"Come on... Upstairs!"

Thousands of wasps rushed to the fire door, and the windows on the fire door began to crack in the sound of pounding. Dipin didn't expect that the mutated wasps were so powerful that the glass windows on the fire door could not resist their impact. He turned pale and drank loudly.

All the members of the team had gathered on the stairs and looked at this side in horror. When they saw that the glass on the door began to crack a line of grain, they were also in a daze. When they heard dipin drinking, they woke up like a dream and turned around and ran upstairs.

"Come on

Feng Ziming was also shocked. He yelled anxiously in the back and looked back at the fire door from time to time.

"Bang..."

these wasps seem to be crazy. They hit the fire door again and again, and the broken glass area is getting bigger and bigger. Fortunately, at this time, all the members of the team finally went to the second floor. Feng Ziming kept up with them, and di Ping rushed to the second floor with Gina in his arms.

"Boom"

the second floor was pushed up by Di Ping, and then he yelled at the team members who wanted to hide in the room in the corridor: "find something to block the door!"

This door is different from the door just now. The door was pulled out just now, so there is no need to block the wasp and can't open the door. But the door is pushed out. Once the hornet rushes in, the powerful force will push the door open.

"Son of a bitch, don't run around! Move something and block the door!"

Feng Ziming's eyes were red at this time, and he was no longer gentle. Looking at the people running around, he immediately scolded. Then he rushed up and smashed the glass door of an office. Then he ran in, lifted a table and rushed over.

"Don't run! Move things and block the door

Feng Ziming was still shouting as he ran. Fortunately, the team members were not the first day facing the end of the world. They just panicked. This would see the general leader Di Ping blocking the door with one hand, while the captain was moving things and blocking the door. He immediately yelled and ran into the Office to move things with Shun Feng Ziming.

"Hum..."

"Bang..."

at this time, the wasps finally smashed the glass window of the fire door on the first floor, and then countless wasps poured in like the tide and rushed up the corridor. These wasps seemed to have a keen sense of smell, and as soon as they flew over, they hit the fire door, as if they knew that dipin and they were hiding here.

But they were still a step late. The door was blocked, and the side window was blocked tightly by the table that Diping had brought. After a while, they seemed to know that they were powerless, and the wasps began to disperse slowly.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!