Chapter 125

"Gina, how are you feeling?"

After Diping blocked the door, he took the team members to hide in an office. After closing the door, he gently put Gina in his arms on a sofa and held Gina half in his arms. He looked at her with concern and asked.

"Master, i... I'm fine... Hugh... Rest, just... OK!"

Gina is very weak, pale, looking at dipin eyes, voice weak said.

"You fool, didn't you let you run away? Why do you still have to work so hard? "

Di Ping caressed Gina's face with care, and said in a voice of complaint.

"Protect... Protect... Master is... It's my... Responsibility!"

Gina looked at dipin's nervous and anxious look. Her eyes were warm and her blue eyes were shining with strange light.

"Next time you don't plan to be like this, you should be obedient, you know?"

Di Ping pretended to have a deep look.

"Well!"

Gina's pale face finally got a little more ruddy. She whispered, like a mosquito. Then she put her head gently against Diping's arms and closed her beautiful eyes. It seemed that she was tired and wanted to go to sleep. But the flashing eyelashes revealed that she had not really gone to sleep. Dipin held Gina in her arms and gave her a kiss on her hair.

Gina feels the warmth of dipin's arms. When dipin kisses his hair, her face turns red and her breath is a little bit short. She feels softer and seems to have no strength.

Di Ping held Gina in his arms, and the kiss was unconscious, but full of regret made him do it naturally. In fact, he didn't think of anything in his heart.

he didn't see Gina's red face buried in his arms. He thought it was just too tired and didn't think much about Gina's abnormality. At this time, he began to pay attention to the outside.

"Seems to have retired?"

Diping listen to the outside things, as if the wasp has retreated, some questions said.

"I'll see it!"

Feng Ziming is the most sober of all the players. Even though he is scared to death, he still keeps calm. He listens to di Ping's words and then looks at him and says to him.

"Good! Be careful

Dipin thought and nodded. Now he was holding Gina. It was really inconvenient.

Feng Ziming got the consent of Di Ping, and immediately touched it carefully. After five minutes, Feng Ziming came out of the room and came in. His face was ugly, and his legs trembled when he walked.

"What's going on?"

Di Ping saw Feng Ziming's strange and asked in a low voice!

"Captain, we may not be able to get out!"

Feng Ziming came to di Ping and swallowed a few puffs. Then he glanced around the team members with a look of fear on his face. Close to di Ping, he said in a low voice. His voice was full of depression.

"What's the situation?"

Diping was a little confused, looking at the usual performance is very good, now such a disrespectful Feng Zi Ming asked, what kind of things will make this very calm young man will so expression.

"You'd better go and have a look."

Feng Ziming shook his head, then looked at di Ping and said.

"Go, master! I'll just adjust my breath! "

Gina, who is closest to Diping, also hears Feng Ziming's words at this time, so she struggles to sit up and looks at Diping and says.

"Can you do it?"

Di Ping looked at the sitting body of Gina concern asked.

"Yes, master. Don't worry."

Gina gave a gentle smile, and then put out the posture of sitting in the dish. Seeing her movements, it seemed that there was no big problem, and her voice was fluent. Dipin was relieved.

"Let's go!"

Di Ping saw that Gina closed her eyes and sat down well. Then she said to Feng Ziming, whose expression was still dim.

When Diping left with Feng Ziming, Gina quietly opened her eyes and looked at her background. Her eyes were full of sparkle. Only when dipin disappeared in the door, did she close her eyes again, and her pale face was suddenly covered with ruddy.

In fact, she is overusing magic. Her spirit is consumed too much. The igniting skill itself does not consume much mental power. However, to maintain the flame barrier, it consumes a lot of mental energy. She uses three ignition techniques in succession, and maintains a strong flame barrier all the time. Her spiritual consumption is very fast.

For the third time, she also tried to endure the pain of tearing her head and used magic overload, which resulted in the excessive use of spirit and dizziness.

This kind of injury needs meditation and breath adjustment in order to repair it quickly. But she likes Diping's concerned eyes and warm arms. This is because she doesn't want to get up and want to feel more about Diping's arms. But when Feng Ziming has something to do, she is a sensible girl, so she quickly gets up and leaves Diping's arms. Although this makes her feel very lost.

Let's not talk about Gina. Let's see Diping. He doesn't know about Gina's psychological activities. He goes down to the end of the corridor under the guidance of Feng Ziming.

"Buzz..."Before turning the corner, dipin heard a huge buzz. Though separated by the glass, the sound was still clear, as if the wasps were gathering outside. Didn't these bees leave?

Looking at Feng Ziming's pale face at this time, he felt that it might be so.

After walking around the corner, Diping finally saw the situation outside. Suddenly, he was stunned. His face became ugly. He looked at it for a while and then turned away.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!