Chapter 130

Waiting is always difficult. I think that I can't sleep at noon. Di Ping secretly said that he still didn't cultivate his home. My mood was still worse. I had to practice it well.

The company has a small flat area, occupying a small part of the floor. The team members look for places or sit or lie on the table, and look straight in a direction with boring eyes, and see that there are no people sleeping in the company.

Time passed by, the sun also gradually slanted, Diping was lost in the final sleep meeting, open his eyes to see the time, only 4:00 pm, this summer dark night, from the dark is still early?

He simply washed his face with a bottle of water. He no longer wanted to wait in the room. He was not resting. He spoke to fengziming and said his own voice, and he went out of the company door alone.

He wanted to see what the hive was like, the second floor to the end of the corridor was closed, and he went up the third floor from the other stairs and headed towards the hive.

Standing in the window, we can see that the outside swarm of bees flies in disorder. One of the great variation beeps flies, and then lies on the hive to build a nest. Later, it flies out again to find the materials for building the hive. The hive has a house size, about 56 meters in diameter, and the whole building is occupied on the flat platform.

Dipine stood behind the glass and looked at it. Fortunately, this is a glass with single penetration. He can see the bee outside clearly, but the bee can not see dipine, which provides him with an opportunity to observe.

The mutant wasps and their ferocity can be seen from time to time that some of them bite a piece of bloody meat and fly into the hive. It is seen that they kill a mutant animal and decompose the meat to bring back.

"Variant wasps: blood vein level: none, talent skills: stinger, enhancement level: Zero Level 5, skill: None"

dipine threw a detection skill past, and looked at the information of the next mutation bee. I didn't expect that the wasps were all zero level five mutation animals.

Although he did not know that there was a first-class level, it was certainly not wrong to show that the system now showed that it would not be wrong. He remembered that before the system had not changed, those below the first level were looking at nothing, and now it was refined to zero level. However, it was reasonable to think about this, otherwise the variation must be stronger than the ordinary one, but the enhancement level showed that it was unreasonable to show that there was no certainty, so the display was reasonable.

These wasps have been strengthened to the fifth level, and have reached the first-order variation. No wonder even the thickened glass of the fire door can be smashed, and the visible strength is strong.

And there is a talent skill sting. It seems that you have to be careful. If you don't care, you can't take it easy if you don't care.

After a while, Diping was bored. He was going to turn and go upstairs to rest. Suddenly, he glanced over and saw a large group of horsebees flying from afar. One of the wasps was in the dark shadow of countless times that of ordinary wasps. It was held in the middle by numerous wasps. The bees covered his sight and let dipine not see it really.

Stop the rotating body, close to the glass window and stare at the group of beeps. The closer the bees fly, the faster they are, the closer they fly, and the closer they fly from hundreds of meters away.

At this time, di Ping saw clearly what was in the middle, but saw it to make his scalp numb and a cold air rushed directly to his head.

What scared dipine and made him look terrible?

Originally, the one who was provided by the hive for the guard was a super large wasp, which was ten times the size of these sparrows, which was completely like a wild goose, with a slender body and a large stomach, with a body of half a meter.

A pair of wings are like degenerated, only a little bit, some funny hanging on the waist, like the human arm shrink into two or three inches, it is very uncomfortable.

This should be the queen of the bee, Diping guessed that only the queen of the bee is bigger than the general bee in the colony, but this is too big to fly. The large identity is actually sleeping in a net. This net is caught by countless wasps and flies it in the sky.

The bee swarm flew above the hive and started to fly in to the mouth of the hive. Dipine woke up from the shock and threw a spy. After throwing the mutation bee, the swarm was sent to the hive. Fortunately, a message was displayed.

"After mutation: blood vein level: A, talent skills: mental control, reinforcement level: Level 1, level 9, skill: Spiritual puncture," "

I rely on!"

Seeing this information, Deping was very ugly and scolding. He didn't expect to see A-level blood rating today. Although he had potential heroes of level s, he could have recruited him for a large price.

But this is the mutation animal can have such strong blood vein, and this bee not only has strong blood vein, exaggeration is also has two skills, is it also the super spiritual skill that makes people smell the color change, is this to own old life?

The level of potential of their own is only level B, which is different from one level, and the level of reinforcement is higher than their five levels. After such a strong mutation, whether you can do it, it is really unknown that Deping hesitated a little.

The decision to eliminate the mutant wasps also felt that it would affect the migration behind, and now there is a huge risk that he may retreat.

"Tick... Find a special blood vein, kill the strong blood vein, and use it to improve the potential level!"Suddenly, there was a sound in di Ping's mind. He was also shocked when he was used to hearing the sound.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!