Chapter 138

"The chief commander said just now that we should not go there. If we go, we will not be able to help, and we may cause chaos."

Feng Ziming's face is not good-looking, the original handsome face also changed some distortion, eyes tightly looking at di Ping's direction, all are worried, but the arm still dead block a group of team members.

"I'll go if you don't go! If the captain is seriously injured, we can only stop it and buy some time for the chief commander! "

Wang Chengyi pushed Feng Ziming aside, with a firm face and a voice of hatred. Then the man rushed to di Ping.

"Wait for me. I'll come too. If we can get in the way of Di, we can help."

"Yes, we can't just let DIY save us!"

At this time, several other players yelled and followed Wang Cheng to di Ping.

"Master

Gina, who thought that she would be pushed away by Diping, fell on the ground full of doubts. When she saw that dipin was hit by invisible fist again, tears burst out in her eyes. The original master was saving herself. She immediately gave a shrill cry, and then rushed to Diping with her hands and feet.

Di Ping's vision has been a little blurred. He didn't expect that with his own strength, he could not catch the invisible fist of the mutated queen bee. The power was as heavy as ten thousand catties, and he could not resist each blow.

"Master! Master! Wake up

Gina, threw herself in front of Diping and looked at him. Her eyes were confused, as if there was no focus. She was in a panic. She cried. One hand was constantly stimulating the white energy. She pressed on Diping's chest without money.

The white energy seeps into dipin's chest like water. The cool energy relieves his pain and makes him sober.

"Bang..."

"ah!"

At this time, a scream came. Di Ping raised his eyes and immediately became angry. As far as he could see, it was Wang Cheng who was directly hit by an invisible fist and sprayed with blood in the air.

"Bang... Ah..."

at this time, there were two screams, and two people following Wang Cheng were hit and flew out. On the spot, people could clearly hear the sound of bone fracture.

"Damn it, I'll come..."

"and me, those who are not afraid of death will rush with me and save Di corps!"

"We are not cowards. Go! Brothers....

although three of them were killed together with Wang Cheng, they also aroused the courage of the team members to fight against the enemy. They all opened their eyes and yelled at each other and rushed up.

"Stop for me

Di Ping's eyes were about to crack, and tears gushed from his eyes. When he saw Wang Cheng's three people being hit and flying and their blood spurting, his head immediately hummed as if to explode.

At this time, he saw more than a dozen team members shouting and rushing forward. He was in a hurry, summoned up all his strength and yelled.

"Captain, we're here to save you!"

These players are one by one red eyes, do not care, crazy on this side to rush up, a little stop the meaning of No.

"Bang..."

"ah..."

when the first three people seemed to be hit by a car head-on at the same time, they immediately screamed again how far they flew, and one by one spat out a mouthful of blood in the air.

"Ah..."

Di Pinggang felt his head buzzing, and his eyes were like blood spurting. His eyes glared at the queen of the mutant bee and snapped: "upgrade me!"

"Boom"

a burst of energy rose from di Ping's body and began to wash his whole body like a torrent. The blood was agitated and his mouth was pounding, as if ten thousand were galloping.

The energy flowed into the whole body, and the wound on the chest improved rapidly under this energy. After listening carefully, we could hear the clattering of bones. The fascia of the whole body exploded, and the blood vessels expanded as if they were about to split in the next moment.

At this time, di Pingfan provoked a furious lion. His eyes were red and he was staring at the queen bee.

"Bang... Ah..."

there was another loud noise, and five or six team members spewed blood again and flew out.

"Let's all go!"

At this time, the back of the team a red eye, like a madman, has completely lost his mind, only know to go up..

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!