Chapter 131

But when he heard what the system said, he had to shake his head and smile bitterly. It seems that the system does not give him the opportunity to retreat?

He had just retreated from the game and threw the temptation that he could not refuse. He knew how much benefit the potential improvement would bring. Although his level B talent was not low, it was still a lot worse than A-level talent. The potential level represents the height of future growth. How could he possibly let go of it.

This kind of opportunity can not be met, if you miss, and this queen bee was killed by someone or animal, I do not regret death!

He couldn't even move his feet. He talked about this system in his heart. He was eyedrops for himself! I can't see myself relaxed at all.

Well, anyway, everything is ready, but time is short. He has already prepared the gasoline. If he put more gasoline this time, he will not believe that he can't kill this mutant queen. In case a torch burns the queen bee, he will make a lot of money?

Di Ping heart here think so, so set heart, dry!

He took a fierce look at the hive, turned and went upstairs.

Down the stairs to see the team members are gathering together in groups, chatting quietly, farting, he did not disturb these people, push himself and Gina alone room.

Gina had already woken up and was sitting in the boss's chair, looking at the scenery outside the building. Seeing Gina's relaxed appearance at this time, Diping immediately felt happy and knew that she must be OK. At last, her heart was put down.

Diping didn't expect that Gina had taken such an important part in his heart just a few days ago. When Gina was fighting to consume the spirits to launch a magic to protect himself, his heart was severely touched. What's more, when Gina was over consumed and fainted, he felt his heart was tearing.

From the first day when he recruited Gina and other people, he still felt unreal. However, he did not regard Gina as a simple system to recruit characters, but gradually regarded them as his teammates, his friends and even relatives.

What's more, Gina also spared no effort to protect himself, which moved him to have a different feeling for the recruitment heroes like Gina.

"Gina, how are you feeling? Why don't you have a rest?"

Di Ping quickly stepped forward, went to Gina in front of concern asked.

"Master! Gina has adjusted her breath. There is no problem. She can fight again at any time

When Gina heard Diping's voice, she quickly turned around, and a gentle smile appeared on her face. Her beautiful eyes bent into crescent moon, and her voice was soft like water.

"Then we should have more rest."

Di Ping is still worried. He looks at Gina's small face and makes her look ruddy again.

"It's OK! If it's OK! "

Seeing the ruddy and evasive eyes on Gina's face, dipin found that he was a little too intimate. He quickly moved his eyes and coughed twice.

"Master, I have heard them talk about burning the hive at night, haven't I?"

Gina also saw the embarrassment of Diping, but also quickly changed the topic and asked about the fire attack on the horse hive.

"Yes! The wasp has blocked the door. If we don't extinguish it, it will be very difficult for us to get out! "

When he mentioned the wasps, Diping thought of the queen bee again. His brow suddenly wrinkled, and he was a little upset.

"Master, this colony generally has queen bee's, but must be careful, queen bee is generally very strong!"

Gina also seems to know that there is a queen bee in the colony, and that her strength is strong, so she reminds dipin to pay attention.

"Well, I'll be careful!"

Diping nodded back. He didn't tell Gina about the Queen's rank. Maybe he was afraid of Gina!

············

as time went by, it was finally seven o'clock, and the sky began to darken rapidly. The time came for the mutant animals to be active. From time to time, there was a roar from afar. Although it was far away, we could still feel the shock of the roar.

Feng Ziming had already arranged for the team members to prepare the meal, and the people did not talk much. Maybe they all knew what to do in the evening. Everyone's expressions were very serious. During the meal, no one talked much. They were all quiet and picky. Di Ping also ate some. He was also a little nervous and had little taste.

The last ray of sunshine outside slowly disappeared, and the world was really dark. Di Ping stood in front of the glass window and looked at the dark city. His mood was somewhat complicated.

It used to be a city that never sleeps. Even in the middle of the night, lights can be seen everywhere, but now they are all silent in the dark.

At nine o'clock, Diping came to the third floor again. He wanted to see if the mutant wasps had returned to their nests. If they were all outside, the effect of their own fire attack would be greatly reduced, so he had to make sure.

In the dark of the corridor, dipin did not dare to light the lamp, and he could not guarantee that the wasps outside could see the light. If they could see that the light was disturbed, his plan would be affected.

As a result, he can only move forward in the dark. Many people have the experience of living in the countryside. When it gets dark, he can't see anything, but he can't see anything. This is the case now.

Di Ping can only rely on the memory of his past. After a long time, his eyes gradually adapt to the situation around him. Although it is still black, he can see the outline, which makes him happy. With the strengthening of his body, his eyes not only see more clearly and further, but also become more night vision.When he could see the way clearly, he walked faster. He came to the end of the corridor on the third floor and looked outside. Sure enough, all the wasps were homing outside. Although there were a few buzzing flying from time to time, they soon fell again, making a dense but light buzz.

Seeing this, Diping was relieved. As long as all the wasps returned home, he could rest assured of the fire attack. So he turned around happily and went back quickly. Three steps and two steps later.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!