Chapter 140

Check all the injured players one by one. Fortunately, no one died. The most serious one is Wang Fang, who should have broken several bones. Although the other seven or eight people were injured, they basically didn't hurt their bones. With the help of ordinary team members, they could still sit up, which made Diping feel relieved.

The mutant queen bee was burned by fire for a night, and then fought with Diping. It's very valuable to have such fighting power. I still want to know how powerful it can be.

"Thank you, brothers. I feel honored to have brothers like you!"

Di Ping looked at a crowd with fanatical looking at his players, a deep bow.

"Captain, you can't always save us. We want to do our best."

"Yes! Commander in chief, we are very happy to help you, even if it's death! "

"Captain, aren't we brothers?"

The team members said one after another, one by one seemed not afraid of death. At this time, a temperament rose in the team, as if everything was not afraid. All the enemies in front of them would be crushed by them.

This kind of momentum can be used, Diping looked in the eyes, listening to the ear, the heart suddenly happy.

"Ha ha! Yes, we are all brothers

Di Ping laughed and looked at the crowd and said.

For a moment, the atmosphere of the whole team became warm. Then, under the arrangement of Di Ping, Wang Cheng was carried onto the car that had been left in front of the door. There were still four cars left. Some of them were too close to each other and were burned by the fire and could not be used again.

"Zina, do you have the mental strength to help them heal?"

Di Ping looked at Gina who had recovered and asked in a low voice.

"Master, it's OK!"

Gina nods, and then goes forward to treat Wang Cheng.

A white light emerged from Gina's tender white palm, and then shot at Wang Cheng's chest. The white light seemed to be a living creature. When it touched his body, it quickly penetrated into and disappeared.

Wang Cheng, who was still panting, gradually stopped his heavy breathing. His tight wrinkled face relaxed, and his pale face turned ruddy with visible speed.

Gina sent two more rays of light to Wang Cheng's chest. The guy actually sat up by himself. It seemed that there was nothing wrong with him. He was excited to look left and right and clap. A group of team members rushed up and looked around him. He was surprised and thought it was amazing.

Di Ping didn't expect that Gina's semi therapeutic skill of gazing at static Qi was so strong for ordinary people that she saved Wang Cheng who was so seriously injured. At this time, she seemed to have nothing to do.

"You'd better be careful. The bones are not fully grown. Don't use your strength!"

At this time, Gina opened the mage's robe tightly covering her head, revealing a charming and charming face, and said with a smile like a delicate flower.

Her soft and seductive voice sound, as if a spring wind blowing all people's hearts, but also like countless gentle hands brushing the chest, so that these men suddenly hormone straight line rise.

What's more exaggerated is that they turn around and bow for fear of making a fool of themselves.

Dipin knew that Gina was powerful. Looking at the appearance of these guys, he suddenly felt funny, which made him think of himself. He was not the same before. When he heard Gina's voice, he felt uncontrollable. Looking at the appearance of a group of people, he also shook his head and grinned bitterly.

Gina took a few more simple treatments, and dipin began searching for the crystal nuclei from the mutant bee carcass.

But after a while, looking at the mutated bee corpses all over the ground, Diping was speechless.

Just now, he broke more than a dozen mutant wasp corpses, but he didn't find any crystal nucleus. Actually, none of these mutant wasps contributed to themselves.

Why not even a crystal nucleus, which makes him very puzzled, but also can not, only some regret to kick these mutant wasps aside.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!