Chapter 134

This night, all the hidden human beings in Zhongzhou were scared, frightened, shivering in the dark, and their hearts were gray and pessimistic. Many people who had run out of food and water had chosen to end their lives in despair in the roar of such beasts. Maybe death is the best way to extricate themselves.

At this time, the sound of Di Shan's roar is not as loud as the sound of the roaring beast in the outside.

Di Ping's face turned pale. He felt that he had done too much today. We should know that the sky is changing and there are trees and weeds everywhere. If such a fire causes a forest fire, it will be disastrous, and the living environment of mankind will be further deteriorated.

Such a worry made him go to check the situation outside from time to time, and could not sit still, let alone sleep.

As time went by, there was no rest outside. The crackling sound from time to time made people feel cold.

The fire roared like a giant dragon. Although Di Ping is a professional now, he still thinks that the fire dragon is terrible and has the momentum of swallowing the sky and destroying the earth, which is amazing.

These wasps can't run away, right? At this time, Diping suddenly came up with this idea in the bottom of his heart, at the same time, he shook his head with some ridicule. It would be crazy if such a fire mutation honeycomb still existed.

Fortunately, things did not develop in the worst direction that dipin thought.

Four or five hours later, the fire went down. Fortunately, the surrounding buildings were not ignited. This building is an independent building, surrounded by streets. The buildings are far away from each other. Fortunately, there is no wind today. The fire can't make waves without the wind.

The fire was weak, and the explosion gradually disappeared. Di Ping and his party were leaning against the exit of the underground parking lot. Fortunately, the fire door was tight, and the fire did not enter the underground. Although there was a lot of smoke entering the underground, it was not too stuffy to lean against the door.

When the fire stopped, Diping's heart was just relieved. Seeing that many members of the team were sitting or leaning asleep, Gina had been sitting cross legged, and he fell asleep.

When Di Ping opened his eyes again, the sky was already slightly bright. When he saw that it was more than 5 a.m., the sky outside was already bright, and he could see the surrounding scenery, although there was still smoke.

After listening for a while, there was no movement outside, and it seemed to restore the calm of the past.

Seeing that all the people were still sleeping, Diping patted Feng Ziming, who was not far away from himself, leaning against the wall.

"Captain?"

Feng Ziming opened his hazy eyes and looked at Diping with sleepiness.

"Tell everyone to get up! The fire has stopped and we are ready to work

Diping stood up, wiped his face and said.

"Good!"

Fengziming at this time is really sober, a spirit stood up, began to call the players around the team.

At this time, Gina also heard the movement, her closed eyes were open, and she saw that dipin had stood up. She stretched out a lazy waist and slowly stood up from the ground.

When all the team members wake up, it has been five or six minutes. It is true that the fire was burning all night last night. Few people could sleep soundly. Only when the fire was smaller in the second half of the night could they fall asleep. This morning, many people were still very tired and it was difficult to wake up at the first time.

At this time, di Ping was not in the mood to have breakfast. He stretched out his head and looked out into the street for a while. Seeing that there was no danger, he pulled the shutter door open. Under his power, the lock of the roll gate was useless, and it was opened with a slight pull.

The exit of the underground garage is on the east side of the building. Walking into the street, Diping looks up to the right and looks at the building.

At this time, the building has been completely changed. It is black and has lost its original beautiful appearance. The original clean and beautiful glass curtain wall has also become a black frame. All the glass is burst by fire. At this time, none of them are still completely installed on the building.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!