Chapter 135

Looking at what he directed, di Ping was still a little ashamed. After several years of construction and renovation, the original high-end office building, where countless elites gathered, turned it into an abandoned building in one night. As expected, it was easier to destroy than to build.

The members of the team also came out at this time. They were also surprised to see the scene. They did not lament that the building was burnt out, but that they did not stay upstairs last night.

The whole building was basically destroyed by a fire, and the second floor where they had been hiding did not escape the fire. The buildings have become a framework of smoke and fire, and from time to time they still emit bursts of black smoke and drift with the wind.

Di Ping just sighed, but his eyes didn't stop much. What was the purpose of his fire? He looked up to the broad terrace on the first floor of the building, only to see a huge black thing. His eyes were bright. This was the target of his fire, the mutation honeycomb.

At this time, the hive has completely changed, like a lotus seed with black carbon. At this time, there is a trace of black smoke.

And on the ground is a layer of mutant wasp corpse, the whole street quickly paved, looks like there are tens of thousands, the scene is very spectacular.

Diping carefully walked forward, Gina in the back is also careful to keep up with him, fengziming just want to keep up with di Ping.

Feng Ziming had to wait with his team members in place, glancing at thousands of mutant wasp corpses on the ground, his eyes twinkled, and his face muscles twitched involuntarily.

Diping didn't walk fast. He didn't know whether the queen of the mutant wasp had escaped or was burned to death. It was like a honeycomb of a house. Although the whole body was burned to black carbon, he still didn't dare to be too careless.

This queen bee is a grade nine mutant animal, and has a blood, can not be underestimated, he does not want to capsize in the gutter.

Walking to the front of the building, standing under the huge hive, there was no change. Diping gradually relaxed. The mutant queen seemed to be burned to death or ran away.

However, it is unlikely to run away. In such a big fire, the mutant wasp with wings has not been able to run away, and the guy with degenerated wings like queen bee wants to escape there.

"Cheep..."

suddenly, a harsh squeak sounded, like a nail across a piece of iron, fast and fierce, the sound was sharp and harsh, as if the next moment was going to pierce the eardrum.

"Ah

Di Ping felt a sharp pain in his head, as if he had been stabbed by thousands of steel needles. He shivered all over his body. He covered his ears tightly behind his back and squatted on the ground, crying in pain.

"Ah..."

Gina also gave a scream, her face turned white and her hands covered her ears.

"Ah! What's going on? "

"Why did Di's team squat down! I think something's wrong with me

"You see, Miss Gina is in pain, too!"

At this time, the players behind dozens of meters away saw that the situation of dipin and Gina was wrong, and they looked at each other one by one. They didn't know what was going on.

"Di corps!"

Feng Ziming looked wrong, screamed and was about to rush forward, ready to see what happened to di Ping.

"Don't... Come here!"

Just as Feng Ziming ran forward, di Ping covered his head with one hand and stretched out the other. He waved his hand to Feng Ziming. At the same time, he cried out, but his voice was full of pain.

"Spirit puncture!"

At the very first time when he was attacked, dipin remembered that the spirit puncture was included in the mutant Queen's skill. He didn't want to be careful or he was hit. It's terrible that the mutant queen hasn't been burned to death in such a fire.

At that time, Diping felt that his head was fierce as if he had been pierced with countless steel needles. He was sweating all over his body at that time. Fortunately, the sharp voice only lasted for five seconds. If he stayed for a long time, he was afraid that he would not be able to withstand it. The pain was too painful.

The pain eased a little. He just heard Feng Ziming yelling. Seeing that he was about to rush to stop him, he and Gina couldn't stand it, not to mention them.

"Boom..."

at this time, the beehive, which had become black carbon, suddenly exploded, scattered and split into countless black ash splashes, and the whole street was shrouded in a black fog.

Strong choking dust rushed into dipin's ears and nose. He coughed, half squinting, but still staring at the location of the hive.

A minute later, the dust fell away, and dipin saw clearly what was happening in front of him.

A large mutant queen is half lying in the original hive.

Sure enough, she didn't escape from the hive. However, the queen bee was in a mess. Her black and yellow short hair turned black and curly, and her two antennae were also burned by the fire. She knew that only two light protruding roots were left on her small wings.

"Cheep..."

the mutant queen bee seems very angry, with two bright wings waving and squeaking.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!