Chapter 132

Back in the room, all the team members are ready to wait. Even Gina puts on her mage's black robe again and stands beside the crowd. Di Ping signals to Feng Ziming. According to the previous plan, ten people hold a bucket full of gasoline, while another five hold more than ten watering pots. Diping is stunned.

"What are you doing with these sprinklers?"

Di Ping looked at these people and asked.

"Commander in chief, this is Wang Cheng's idea. He said that pouring oil down would alarm the wasps. With this watering pot, the wasps thought that they would not be prepared for rain!"

A member of the team said excitedly, his eyes also looked at Wang Cheng, who was holding a watering pot in his hand.

"Good boy, you have a good head! When Di Ping heard the team member finish, he was also in front of his eyes. He didn't think of this question. Wang Cheng was really smart and thought of it earlier. So he looked at Wang Cheng with appreciation and said with a smile.

But he forgot that he was not much older than Wang Cheng. He also said that he was a good boy. The scene was very strange. However, Wang Cheng didn't feel it. He touched his head and giggled. Even all the players didn't feel it. He looked at Wang Cheng with envy. It seemed that it was a great honor to win the dipingqua award.

"Let's go. It's already dark. Take advantage of the darkness to bring these wasps!"

Diping waved and took the lead to walk out of the room. Gina also followed quickly, and more than a dozen team members followed closely.

This time, instead of going to the third floor, di Ping went up the stairs to the fifth floor. He was afraid that the third floor was too close and would be noticed by the wasps. On the fourth floor, he went straight up to the fifth floor. When he got to the fifth floor, he knocked on the nearest room. Feng Ziming turned on an LED light he found in the building. More than a dozen people began to pour gasoline into the watering can It is to open the glass window, push open a slit, stretch out the head to look down.

At this time, the outside of the black paint can not see anything, with his eyesight down to see the hive is just a group of black shadow, but this is enough, as long as you can determine the location.

After a while, some members of the team began to bring a pot of gasoline. The window was not big, so they could only stand at the same time. Feng Ziming and di Ping stood together and poured water down with the watering jug. The gasoline from the sprinkling kettle was like a drizzle.

Fortunately, today is God's help, the wind is not big, just a little breeze, otherwise the gasoline will not be able to spill below.

The gasoline drizzled down like a drizzle. Obviously, I heard the drone buzzing below, like the sound of rubbing wings, but it didn't fly. Maybe it really thought it was raining and stopped again after a few whirring.

Di Ping poured a pot down like this. The whole fifth floor was down. The glass floor was covered with gasoline. Because of too much gasoline, the sound of gasoline dripping from the platform could be heard, as if it was raining.

Di Ping didn't neglect it. The gasoline volatilized too fast. He poured the oil down one pot at a time, and fengziming looked at it.

Five minutes later, ten barrels of oil were poured out, and the whole corridor smelled of gasoline. Dipin pulled Feng Ziming back quickly and whispered to Gina, "Gina, throw a fireball down!"

Gina, hearing dipine's order, immediately went forward, looked down the window, and then held out one hand. The light on her little hand flashed, and the little hand was bright and beautiful. But the beauty disappeared in a moment, and a ball of fire on her hand condensed in the air, which was very hot and violent.

"Hoo!"

the fireball shoots out of Gina's palm and hits the hive below.

"Boom"

followed by an explosion, which was especially loud in the silent night, and then the fire was shining, illuminating the whole street.

"Hoo..."

just after the explosion, the whole street was instantly ignited, such as volcanic eruption and fire all over the sky. The fire spread like lightning. The whole building was burning on one side, and the street was also in flames. The whole street became an ocean of fire.

Diping two people poured too much oil, although volatile, but there is still a lot of oil left.

"Hoo..."

"crackling..."

the fire became uncontrollable. The fire quickly burned to the fifth floor, and the glass on the floor was covered with oil. Di Ping rushed to close the window and saw a fire snake rising, and the fire came in slowly.

The whole sky is burning red, and the intense flame seems to have caused a chain reaction. In the urban area, there is a roar of wild animals, one after another, one after another.

The huge roar seemed to shatter the sky and soar into the sky. The fierce momentum seemed to disperse even the clouds, revealing a clear moon and a faint cold glow on the earth.

Listening to the roar of the beast that broke his heart, Diping knew how many crises were hidden in the city. The roar of the beast could make his heart feel depressed. It is conceivable that ordinary people would know how to do it when they saw more than ten people around them shaking their ears.

Di Ping sighed. He didn't expect that the fire would lead to many mutant animals. It seems that although these animals are mutated, they are still afraid of fire. With the fire, many mutant animals actually roar with fear.But at the same time, he also had a dark heart. How powerful the mutant beast is, can you imagine how difficult it is for human beings to survive. The pressure on his body suddenly increases, and the secret channel still has to work hard to improve his strength? Otherwise, it is not easy to survive in such a world.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!