Chapter 139

"Good! Follow me! Captain

Feng Ziming's eyes are red, see his team members one by one, he is also angry, a big drink, the first with the rest of the team members rushed to this side.

It seems that the mutant queen bee didn't expect such a thing to happen. The attacks just now were not easy for her. She just attacked several people just to frighten them, but she didn't expect things and wishes. On the contrary, she inspired everyone's fighting spirit, but she consumed a lot.

Now see this many people rush up, immediately also some fear, oneself keep twisting, a pair of tentacles shake violently.

"Take your life!"

All of a sudden, there was a roar. The people who were in a state of madness woke up and looked up one after another. They saw that dipin was like a raging rhinoceros rushing out to the queen of the mutant bee.

In a blink of an eye, he reached the ten meter position of the building. His feet pounded on the ground, his body rushed forward, and then he jumped. His body rose five or six meters high. His sword was raised in his hand, and then he took the wind to cut the queen of the mutant bee.

When Di Ping saw that the players were injured one by one in order to save themselves, he was furious and forgot to worry about it. He didn't dare to upgrade at will. This time, he directly promoted one level to level five, which consumed 50 soul energy.

and his strength increased by nearly 600 Jin, but he felt that it was not enough. He promoted one level again to level six, and consumed energy unexpectedly More than two times more than the fifth level, reaching 120 points, the strength is increased by more than 1600 Jin.

At the same time, he felt the strength of his body to reach the limit.

Suddenly he reached out his hand and called out his sword. With a loud drink, his feet stepped on the ground, and the hard concrete ground was actually broken by his pedaling. The cement blocks flew out in all directions, and his body shot out like an arrow.

"Ah, Captain!"

At this time, the team members saw that it was di Ping, and immediately exclaimed in surprise.

"Captain, it's OK! The chief is fine! "

"The chief captain is mighty!"

The members of the team called excitedly, just like a child who got candy. Feng Ziming was also excited.

"Zhi..."

at this time, the queen bee noticed this side. When she saw Diping falling from the sky, she immediately exclaimed.

"Late!"

Di Ping drank a lot. Although he felt a sharp pain in his head, he could bear it. Hatred flashed in his eyes, and his sword was more powerful.

"Boom"

an invisible barrier appeared behind the mutant bee, but dipin, who came down from the sky with his whole body strength and chopping skills, was like a meteorite falling. It was like that the original broken honeycomb was blown by a strong wind, and the scattered gunfire suddenly covered the sky with dust.

"Ka..."

a light and crisp sound, the invisible barrier under di Ping's knife didn't persist for even a second.

The sword was more than ten thousand jin. Under the power of Di Ping's fury, it broke in an instant, and the sword flashed by. The mutant queen bee was cut in half from head to abdomen, but the strength of the sword was not released.

"Boom"

the sword was cut on the platform, and the whole platform was cut into pieces by this knife, which scattered and split. Countless pieces of steel fell down, and dipin also fell to the ground.

"Boom"

the mutant queen fell down along with the platform, and dipin coldly looked at the mutant queen who had been cut into two halves of blue in front of her foot in the steel pieces.

"Di ···· kill the mutant queen and get 50 soul energy points"

"Di ·· · gain the blood of the strong"

at this time, the system beeps twice, but dipin doesn't pay attention to it or look at it. Instead, he turns to the people who are attacked by the queen of the mutant bee.

"How does Wang Cheng feel?"

Di Ping went to Wang Cheng and looked at Wang Cheng, who was lying on the ground with pain on his face and bleeding from his mouth, asked with concern.

"Team... Captain, i... I didn't... it's OK!"

Wang Cheng's voice was weak. He stopped and said, but it seems that the mutant wasps also know that these people are just ordinary people, and they don't use all their strength. They don't want to use all their strength to deal with di Ping.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!