Chapter 137

"Damn it, it's fucked up!"

Di Ping scolded angrily. At this time, he didn't know that he was Yin. It was too stupid.

This is also due to their own carelessness, A-level potential blood variation animal is so simple?

Obviously, I underestimated the power of the mutant queen bee, which was higher than her own. What's more, just now the queen bee's power to burst the hive was that I realized that the huge honeycomb with a radius of more than ten meters burst out in an instant.

It can be seen how strong this mutated queen bee has to be. However, she feels that she has resisted several spiritual punctures. She naively thinks that this mutant queen has no ability?

He didn't expect that the mutant queen had a lot of wisdom. He already knew that the enemy was weak. He just paralyzed herself with spiritual puncture. When he didn't pay attention, he used the unique skill.

This kind of invisible spirit attack is really too much to guard against. If you are not careful, you will be hurt like this.

"Master

At this time, Gina found that di Ping was smashed and flew out. Suddenly, her face changed greatly. She screamed and rushed to di Ping. At the moment of rushing out, a fireball flew out of her hand and directed at the mutated queen bee.

"Boom"

the fireball hit the mutant queen bee, but one meter away in front of it, it was suddenly blocked by an invisible gas wall and exploded like fireworks, but no spark touched the queen bee.

"Master

Gina sent out the fireball. She ran to di Ping like the wind. Her face was anxious to hold dipin. A white light flashed from one hand, and a white energy pressed on dipin's injured chest.

Di Ping felt a cold energy slowly seeping into his chest along his chest. All of a sudden, the pain that had been unbearable was also reduced a lot.

As soon as the white light disappeared, Gina was again a milky white energy condensed from her hands, and then pressed on Diping's chest again.

Gina's small face turned pale because of worry. The sweat on her head covered her forehead, and her golden hair was wet.

"Gina, be careful!"

All of a sudden, Diping's eyes saw that the air in front of the mutated queen bee was distorted. It seemed that the space was changing. The light in his eyes flashed and he knew that he had just been hit.

He just saw a change in the space in front of him. At that time, he thought it was the air distortion caused by the heat transpiration caused by the heat burning on the ground. Now it seems that this is the invisible fist.

When he thought of this, his face changed, he drank a lot, and then he summoned up all his strength. His hands slammed on the ground, and a strong stabbing pain came from his chest. However, he couldn't care at this time. His body ran forward and pushed Gina to the side.

"Bang..."

there was a dull sound of boxing human body, accompanied by bone fracture click.

"Ah! "Boom"

Di Ping again uttered a dull hum, as if he had been hit by a fast-moving car, and then quickly flew backward to hit the wall again.

"Poof!"

A mouthful of blood spurted out, and dipin's body softened. The blow was too heavy. The original injury was not good. This time, the injury was added to the injury.

"Captain!"

At this time, the players who watched from afar finally woke up, and all of a sudden their faces changed greatly, and they yelled to rush up.

Since Di Ping was bombed for the first time, it is only more than ten seconds now. All the players are stupefied. When they see the captain injured, these people want to rush to save people regardless of whether they have the ability or not.

"Don't go there!"

Feng Ziming stopped everyone.

"Captain! The chief is injured. We have to go and help. "

The team members seemed to look at Feng Ziming in disbelief and asked in a loud voice.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!