Chapter 133

"BAM Bang..."

at this time, there were loud bangs, like firecrackers. It turned out that the glass was burned by high temperature, and the pieces burst out, and the flame began to rush into the building. Fortunately, these corridors were all cement or floor tiles, and the flame rushed into the corridor for more than ten meters.

However, many rooms were decorated with wooden floors, suspended ceiling, and cloth curtains. After the fire spread, one side of the whole building began to burn.

The room where they lived was also on fire. When the fire broke into the room, it was quickly ignited when it met with combustible materials. It was cold in his heart. People said that the fire was merciless. It was really like this. Di Ping regretted using the fire. The fire was too big to control. The building was dangerous, and the buildings nearby were not sure whether they would be ignited. If the fire was ignited, it would burn Every city is dangerous.

Di Ping ran downstairs with the team members with pale face and soft legs. The upstairs can't stay. The flame will burn in for a while, and it's not easy to run.

A group of people quickly descended the building, and then returned to the second floor. Now, two companies near the outer wall of the second floor passageway were also burned. The glass of the passage had already broken, the flames were rushing into the passage, and the smoke was diffused in the whole passage. The choking people couldn't open their eyes and a strong burning heat came to their faces.

The second floor is already unable to wait for people. Call all the members of the team on the second floor and quickly go down the stairs to the basement. There are fire doors in the basement, so the fire is not easy to rush out. Moreover, the fire is going up and the basement is relatively safe.

Di Ping and his party rushed to the underground parking lot to close the thick anti-aircraft iron door, which was a long sigh of relief, and a group of people were panting.

After a rest, Diping came to the entrance of the underground garage. Through the gap of the rolling gate, we could see a lot of fire outside. The flames were blazing and crackling. The explosion sounds like firecrackers. The boundless flames were rolling like fire dragons.

A group of people stayed here quietly waiting for the fire to go down. Di Ping prayed secretly in his heart that the fire should not burn too much. If the whole city burned up, his sin would be great.

Although the city is quiet, I believe there are still millions of people hiding among them. Although he knows that many people died under the attack of mutant animals, more people are hiding. If his own fire is burned, no one can hide it.

In the underground base, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang are not resting. They sit together and smoke. The whole room is full of smoke. Their eyes are deep and their brows are locked.

"Ouch..."

at this time, there was a sudden roar from the sky beast outside, which made them stand up. However, people who were sleeping in the base were also awakened, and they were shivering with fear. Many children began to cry.

They quickly walked in and out of the room, came to the door, and stood here to listen more vividly. At this time, many members of the team also gathered together, stood at the door, listening to the horror roar from outside, and all of them turned pale. Who knows that there are so many terrible mutant animals hidden in this city. Is there any way for human beings to survive?

Despair rose on each face, the eyes were dim, as if lost the courage to survive.

At this time, they were more anxious to think about Diping. They were there. Did anything happen? Is it still alive? If he's in the base, it won't be! As long as he's there, everyone can feel safe.

Not only did they think so, but many people in the base were calling for his name from the bottom of their hearts.

In the quiet Lvyuan District, the lights in the castle are as bright as the day. Cheng Chao, Li Sheng, Pang Zi, Lao Luo, Yu Shujie and Ning Nan are all there. These people are gathering for dinner.

Every topic they talked about was Diping. They were discussing why he had not come back in the past two days, and whether it was dangerous. Although Butler Barton said that dipin was safe, these people were still worried.

At this time, the faces were heavy, and they didn't feel fragrant after eating. Just at this time, a sound came from the pass. Several people were startled and ran out to stand on the wall and look at the bright fire.

In the distance, the sky was red, and the fire flashed. If it was too far away, a few people could only see the red fire reflecting the night sky. They could not see the specific situation at all. Several people looked at each other.

"Isn't that where Diego went?"

At this time, Cheng Chao said as if he were all enlightened.

"Ah, is that Diego in danger?"

Yu Shujie first exclaimed.

"No, no! Diego is so strong, it will be all right! "

The fat man shakes his head like a drum.

"It's you, fatso. If you didn't let dippingo go, how could Diego go out and take risks?"

When Yu Shujie heard the fat man talk, she immediately got angry and glared at the fat man and called.

"I...

the fat man's face turned red and his neck became thick. After a long time, I didn't say the last word. I lowered my head and breathed heavily.

"Well, don't complain now, Diego is strong, it will be OK!"

Cheng Chao persuades two in this side, Yu Shujie just like a aggressive little leopard, fiercely stares at the fat man, and then she looks at the distance with worry on her face.Several people were silent for a moment. They stood on the wall and looked at the place where the fire was shining silently. They were not talking. However, the worries on each face were just the same. These people were thinking of Di Ping.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!