Chapter 136

Looking at the angry mutant queen bee, di Ping drew out the black gold sword, which was the most powerful mutant animal he had ever met. He was not sure about the battle, but he could not retreat.

He Diping was also a combatant. Now the queen bee was left alone. He did not dare to fight. After that, he would not mix up. For a while, his fighting spirit was aroused, and his whole body trembled slightly.

"Hum..."

Wujin's saber hummed and gave out a light sound under his strong grip, as if he was also longing for a battle.

"Come on! War... "

Di Ping's heart was agitated and his Qi and blood were boiling. He raised his knife with one hand and pointed to the queen bee on the platform and drank it loudly.

"Zhi....."

"ah!"

Diping also covered his ears with both hands and screamed. The mutant queen used spiritual puncture again. Although it was a second experience, the pain still made dipin unbearable.

"Ah..."

Gina, who just stood up, screamed again, fell back a few steps and almost fell to her knees.

"Gina... Back off!"

Dipin clenched his teeth and let out a loud voice. His eyes looked at the queen of the mutant bee, and sparks came out.

"Squeak..."

the mutant queen bee seems to be trying her best. She keeps waving two half of her antennae and screaming.

Di Ping felt that his headache would crack. At this time, he really wanted to break his head in two, but he was born to hold back. If he wanted to win, if he wanted to fight, he would never yield.

Gina did not retreat, and looked at Diping, slowly shook her head, although her face is full of pain, but the decision in the eyes does not change, di Ping is very helpless, this is a stubborn girl.

The mutant queen bee seems to be a little tired, unable to maintain the spirit of attack, the voice gradually slowed down.

"Ha ha! Come on! Come again

Di Ping stood up slowly with pain on his face. His sword pointed to the queen bee and laughed and cried out. His voice was full of contempt.

"Ah..."

the mutant wasp seemed to be infuriated by dipin's contempt and sent out a spiritual puncture again. Dipin held his head in pain and screamed.

In fact, it's not that dipin has a tendency to be abused, but that he feels that the spiritual puncture is suffering less and less for him, and seems to be gradually adapting to such attacks.

Maybe the spirit of the mutant queen bee is weakening, or her own spirit is getting stronger. However, no matter which one is strong for her, he sees that the queen bee stops and immediately yells for it to follow, just to verify his guess.

Sure enough, although it was still painful and unbearable, he did not feel like he wanted to die for the first time. Moreover, he felt that every time he experienced it, his mind seemed clearer.

He looked back at Gina and saw that Gina was looking at himself. He understood the meaning in his eyes. Gina also felt the change.

So Di Ping this back strength, again and again provocative mutation queen bee, queen bee again and again to share puncture.

Finally, after the sixth time, dipin felt just like an ant bite. Although there was still some sting, it could be said that it could be ignored.

At this time, the mutant queen bee seems to have been rotated for dozens of times. She is not so depressed that she can't even wave the broken wings.

"Ha ha! It's not a good time, is it? "

Di Ping laughs and walks forward. How powerful is the queen bee? It turns out that it's not like this. It's not that I'll die after three times, and I'll be disabled by myself.

"Bang..."

Di Ping, who was walking forward with a smile on his face, suddenly felt that he was hit by an invisible fist in his chest.

A huge force suddenly hit him, and his body flew out for more than ten meters in an instant, smashing on the opposite building wall.

"Boom"

there was a loud noise, and the tiles on the wall of the building were smashed and splashed.

"Poof"

Di Ping's blood spurted out. He felt that his whole body was about to fall apart. Every breath in his chest was like a knife stab.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!