Chapter 142

The supermarket is not far away from here. Standing here, you can see the building. A group of people arrived in front of the supermarket building for more than ten minutes. The door of the supermarket is closed and the glass is in good condition. It seems that it has not been patronized.

It's just that the square is covered with blood. It seems that something happened and there are long blood marks. It seems that it was left by tora. I just don't know whether it is the blood of human or mutant animals.

Di Ping checked and found no mutant animals around, which made the team members break the door, a group of people rushed up, three or two times the door suddenly opened, a group of people led by Di Ping went into the underground supermarket.

Today's supermarkets are generally comprehensive. They have all kinds of household. The underground supermarket is pitch black. Fengzi has been prepared for this. A dozen team members turned on the LED lights, and the supermarket was lit up immediately.

Di Ping didn't let the team members start to collect food now. If there are mutated animals hidden in the supermarket, it would be a dead end for ordinary people's team members.

Di Ping led the team. After walking around the supermarket, he found that it was in good condition. Only a lot of food was pulled on the ground and bit the mouth. It seems that it should be a mutant mouse. But now these mice have disappeared, and most of the food is still in good condition.

All the members of the team were very excited when they saw the food. After Di Ping's instruction, they rushed to move things. Only after the first crazy robbery incident, these changes have set down the rules. They can't eat or hide food without permission. So now, the team members are busy carrying things and transporting things to Jiumian.

And Diping let Gina stare, he came to the tobacco and wine area again, saw the cigarettes and wine on the shelf, famous cigarettes and famous wine, he was swept into the backpack, ordinary class he confiscated, must leave some welfare for the team members!

A hundred or so people are really quick. In less than an hour, the four carts are full, and they are piled high. Tie them with ropes, or they all fall down.

People's wisdom is endless. These people even think of a good way to launch dozens of trolleys from the supermarket. They are connected to each other and become small carts. Each cart is filled with food, water and daily necessities.

Even so, it's only a small part of the supermarket. There are mountains of food in the supermarket's warehouse, which can only be transported this time and can only be returned next time.

So Diping asked people to seal the door again, so that the mutant animals would not sneak in and destroy all these things.

The way back was very smooth. I don't know whether it was the influence of the fire last night or the deterrent effect of the mutant wasp on this area. I didn't even encounter a mutant animal all the way. If it hadn't been for abandoned vehicles, empty shops and wild vegetation on both sides, it would have been nothing like doomsday.

When the gate of the underground shopping mall opened again, hundreds of people poured out with enthusiasm and excitement on their faces. The members of the three teams were even more excited. They threw down the things in their hands and welcomed them. The two sides held each other, shouting and jumping together. Just like the meeting in those years, they were excited beyond words. This time, they were separated in life and death, almost unable to return.

After a while, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang trotted out. They were excited to see Di Ping and almost burst into tears.

They were so miserable that night!

They were already a little desperate by noon, and the people in the base began to show signs of being unable to hold down. This scared the two people. If the two captains were not holding down the team, the base might have been in chaos.

When they were in a state of anxiety, they heard that di Ping came back. They were stunned and then a spirit of excitement jumped up and ran to the door.

"Di corps! My brother, you are my brother! Don't scare people next time. You don't know Lao Han, I'm worried to death! "

Han Zhongguo holds Di Ping and complains while shaking. His face is full of bitterness and tears. It seems that he was played by Di Ping and didn't give money.

"I can prove it! This guy really wanted to cry last night

Lu Guoliang didn't forget to hurt Han Zhongguo, but his eyes were full of excitement and relaxed. He looked at di Ping and said, "welcome Di Corps back safely!"

"Ha ha! I call it true feeling! What do you know? "

Han Zhongguo didn't feel embarrassed at all. He glared at Lu Guoliang, then looked at di Ping's face and said, "Di general team, how can we not return overnight and encounter any danger?"

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!