Chapter 141

The only thing is that the mutated queen has contributed a crystal nucleus, which is even brighter than that of the variant Tibetan mastiff before. It should be able to exchange a few more crystal coins, but now is not the time to look closely.

Gina has cured all seven or eight people. The injured people are light and need only one treatment to get up, which seems to have no effect.

But Gina was very tired, full of sweat, and her face turned pale. Fortunately, she was cured.

At this time, dipin looked forward to the vocation, thinking about how powerful the vocation of full-time treatment should be. Gina's skills were biased towards the direction of clearing the mind, and her performance in restoring mental strength was more obvious. Treatment was just an additional function.

But even this extra function is so powerful that we can see how strong the holy duty of full-time treatment is.

After upgrading, Diping felt full of strength, and his injuries were all healed. He almost died before, but the upgraded treatment function is more powerful than Gina.

Think of upgrading, Diping at this time raised doubts.

"Well, what's the matter today? It seems that listening to it doesn't have any impact. Besides, I haven't gone wild. I'm very sober. Can I even get promoted two levels and I'm ok?"

Di Ping was very puzzled about his current state. Before he was promoted to a higher level, he almost ran away. However, he didn't have anything to do with it today. What's the situation of this system? Now he's confused. "Master system, can you tell me why I haven't been possessed by demons after upgrading two levels?" In the end, dipin didn't hold back his mouth to the system problem.

"Di... That's when you reach your realm!"

Suddenly, a tick sounded in di Ping's mind, which made him a burst of ecstasy. Unexpectedly, he asked casually, and the system answered. The system's urination was really inaccurate. However, he was stunned when he heard that the system said it was a state of mind. He thought of what he had said in novels before, which could also be expressed as state of mind, but he didn't know whether he thought it was right or not Ask the system, "what is the state of the system?"

It's just that he didn't get a response, and the system doesn't bite. You never know when he will reply. Once he doesn't want to pay attention to you, he won't respond even if you say he's dead. He has no temper at all, so he has to sigh. Is he really a master?

If you don't get the answer, you can't think of it, so you don't have to worry about it.

Can only arrange everyone to start to start, a group of people to go back to the destination again, can't come back empty handed?

Wang Cheng finally failed to walk. He was forced to sit in the car by Di Ping. He was just scratching his ears and scratching his cheek. Everyone laughed.

Talking about this car, we are very happy to see all of us laughing.

These people's performance made their efforts not in vain. When they met the danger that they were unable to cope with, they did not expect that these people would not escape, but rushed to save themselves one by one.

Such a team gives him a sense of hope. As long as human beings can arouse the courage in their hearts, they can not defeat anything.

Dipin felt the blood boiling. Gina followed him closely. She seemed to feel dipin's excitement. She stretched out her small hand and grasped dipin's palm.

Feeling Gina's tender palm, dipin turned to look at Gina. They looked at each other with a smile. They clasped each other and separated again. Then they looked at the front again. But a kind of warmth rose between them, one high and one short, one strong and one small. Two figures cast long shadows in the sunshine.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!