Chapter 146

From yesterday to now, Diping has not eaten much food, and is also hungry. Seeing that the people in the base have gathered in the square to wait for dinner, many children have started to play again. Since Di Ping came back, the oppressive atmosphere in the base has disappeared, and the lively atmosphere has returned.

Back to the room, after a while, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang also came back, and simply told Di Ping about the situation.

So far, no water seepage has been found in the underground shopping mall. The shopping mall is well built, the underground drainage system is very good, and the water from outside can't come in temporarily. But now the whole city is out of power, and the drainage system must be paralyzed. If the rain continues to fall like this, there must be something wrong.

Di Ping also had a big head to listen to, but now there is no way, can only wait, to see if the rain will stop, the plan is made by man, and the day is done, so everything depends on the face of God.

"Heaven and earth are the biggest things to eat! Let's have dinner! Fill your stomach first, and then do anything else! "

Di Ping took out a cigarette and threw a bag of it. He lit it and said.

"Good! Di is right. Let's eat first

Han Zhongguo took the cigarette and opened it happily. He took out a cigarette and lit it with a slap. He lit the cigarette as he went along.

Lu Guoliang is to get up and go out to the door of the two team members on duty ordered a, and then walked in and said with a smile: "Di Corps this time out did not get some good goods?"

"Oh, yes, di can't keep it in private."

Listen to Lu Guoliang said this, Han Zhongguo immediately eyes a bright, smiling at di Ping Road.

"Ha ha... How can I find out that both of them are bandits?"

Di Ping was speechless for a moment. He shook his head and laughed, but then his hand moved. Two bottles of Maotai liquor and a Chinese cigarette appeared on the tea table. Then he squinted at the two people and said, "that's the wine. When the lunch is over, you can watch the smoke!"

"Get it!"

Han Zhongguo's eyes flashed when he saw what was on the tea table. Before Di Ping finished speaking, the guy cracked his mouth and stretched out his hand. He copied the cigarette into his hand, but before he could take it back, another hand grabbed it. One was the other end of the cigarette.

"Lao Han, do you want to eat alone?"

Lu Guoliang fan looked at Han Zhongguo and said that his strength was not light at all.

"What about it?"

Han Zhong originally wanted to take it all by himself, but now that he has lost his chance, he is immediately chatting and laughing.

Di Ping didn't care that the two old men who didn't know their shame were fighting for each other. He leaned on the sofa and watched the two fight happily. He thought it was also fun. Only when three members of the team brought food, the two men were able to restrain themselves and grab five packs of cigarettes.

The food is very simple. There is no single cooking. It's just a few more meals. It's enough for several people to eat. In addition, it's normal to open two cans as a welfare for the management. Di Ping didn't say anything. Two bottles of wine are really not much for the three people. It's enough for them to eat at noon. Once they eat for less than an hour, they finish their meal.

Outside the rain still does not stop posture, thunder is small, but the rain is still like pouring, clattering next non-stop, Han Zhongguo two people had dinner in di Ping sit for a meeting, drink a cup of tea and left, this base management of thousands of people Di Ping can leave, but he can't ignore, the rest meeting will have to go busy.

As soon as the two men left, Diping had nothing to do. After sleeping at noon, he was not sleepy now. He had to open the system and study the system. From the system, we can see that the base is also in torrential rain, and there is no one outside the base. He only sees that the castle is very mysterious and tall in the heavy rain.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!