Chapter 143

"Go back for a while! Put the supplies away first! "

Di Ping just nodded and didn't answer Han Zhongguo's words, but pointed to the material way behind him.

"Well, I'll arrange it! Di corps must be tired. Go back to the rest meeting first. We'll go there after finishing the arrangement! "

Han Zhongguo also understood that this was not a place to talk. There were many people around him. Besides, several carts of food were all outside. If he didn't move in, he didn't feel relieved. So he nodded.

"Captain Dee!"

Di Ping and the two men nodded their heads, then took Gina and walked to the base. As soon as they entered the base, Diping was startled. It turned out that the door was full of people, all with warm smiles on their faces. When they saw dipin coming in, they all cried out in unison.

"Hello, everyone."

Di Ping was stunned at first and then helpless. Looking at the excited people full of enthusiasm and hope and looking at his own people, he was also moved. He had a smile on his face and waved to all of them.

Along the way, there were people standing on both sides of the aisle. Many of them looked at Diping through the shop glass. Their eyes were full of excitement and they were shouting "Captain Di". Di Ping nodded and responded one by one.

He saw not only the excitement and enthusiasm in the eyes of these people, but also a kind of relief after a disaster. The reason why these people wait here one by one and shout to themselves captain Di is that they just want to see Di Ping with their own eyes, so as to ease the fear of this night. A loud shout is actually the inner excitement that cannot be expressed.

Di Ping responded with a smile one by one. He could feel the sincerity of these people, which was a kind of dependence and trust on himself from the bottom of his heart.

When she returned to the room, Diping felt that her face was laughing and puffing. She quickly rubbed her face to avoid muscle stiffness. Gina saw a silent smile behind her.

Di Ping didn't want to worry about anything. He just wanted to sleep. He didn't sleep well last night. In the morning, he was almost hanged by the mutant queen bee. Although he was cured by the upgrade, his mental consumption was irreparable. He needed a sleep to slow down.

After a while, Diping really fell asleep and snored slightly. Gina looked at Diping lying on the sofa with warm eyes in her eyes. She took a list from the bed and gently covered her. She also went out and arranged for the doorman on duty not to let anyone in. Then she went back to the bed and sat down and began to breathe.

She was also very tired. In fact, she did not fully recover from the excessive consumption of spirit this time. She just did not say that she was afraid of Diping's worry. She also took advantage of this time to take good care of herself.

"Click..."

suddenly, there was a click of thunder, which was like a blast in people's ears. It woke up Di Ping who was sleeping, and a spirit of excitement jumped up from the sofa.

"Come on! What's going on? "

Di Ping stood up, his face changed greatly, and he was sleepy. He thought there was an explosion, and he immediately exclaimed.

"Captain, it's thunder! It may rain! "

At this time, the team members on duty outside opened the door to Diping Road, and their faces were also shocked. It seems that they were also shocked by the thunder.

"Well, I see!"

Di Ping put down his heart and wiped his face to make himself sober. Then he waved his hand to let them go out.

At this time, Gina also opened her eyes. She was just startled by the thunder. Fortunately, she was not in deep meditation. Otherwise, the thunder would hurt her mind.

Just now in shock, so there was no time to go back to di Ping. When he saw that di Ping woke up, he did not meditate. He got up from the bed and went to the tea table to make tea for him.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!