Chapter 147

At this time, in the castle base more than ten kilometers away, Cheng Chao, Li Sheng, fat man and Yu Shujie gathered together. They watched the rain outside through the glass window. They were silent and speechless. They looked out of the window and were in a trance. They didn't know what to think.

Only Nannan, who is more happy, runs around the room from time to time, while Ning Nanliu and Ye Lu seem to be independent of the team. They gather together to watch the rain outside and exchange something in a whisper from time to time.

"It's raining so hard that Diego doesn't know what he's doing?"

Yu Shujie looked at the rain outside and whispered softly, but her eyes were still looking at the rain curtain outside the window, and there was no expression on her face.

As soon as this sentence was uttered, everyone looked up at her. Even ye Luning Nan and Liu Hanbing, who had been chatting in a low voice, stopped talking and looked at Yu Shujie.

"Dick has been walking for three days. How can I feel like I've been walking for a long time?"

As if she didn't see the many people staring at her, Yu Shujie still said to herself.

"Mom, I miss Uncle Di too! Where is uncle di? I haven't come to see me for a long time. Don't you want to be a girl

The little girl playing with a little bear on the sofa heard her mother say about Diping, and immediately stopped playing. She ran to Yu Shujie and said in a crisp voice. Her eyes turned red, and her tears whirled in it. It seemed that she would soon come down.

"Uncle Di has something to do. He also wants to be a girl? As long as you are good, my uncle will be back soon! "

Yu Shujie picked up her daughter, held her in her arms, and comforted her softly.

But I don't know whether it's for the girl or for herself. When she said this, her eyes were always looking out of the window, and there seemed to be tears rolling in her eyes.

"Yes! I feel like it's been a long time! There's always no bottom in my heart without Diego

Cheng Chao looks at Yu Shujie's appearance and sighs in his heart. His eyes float out of the window, and his voice says in a low voice.

Li Sheng had some stiff face and was more gloomy. His eyes swept over everyone's face, but he didn't say a word. He turned to the window again and looked at the heavy rain outside the window. He was silent.

Ye Lu is slightly observed a few people, not in the attention, still smile to Ning Nan and Liu Hanbing whispered what, but the two people do not seem to have much mood, eyes erratic.

Everyone was silent again, and their eyes drifted out of the window one by one. At this time, Diping stood in the room listening to several people talking. His eyes swept over each face. He felt a touch in his heart and felt warm in his heart. These people only thought about themselves, which made him have the impulse to go back as soon as possible. At this moment, his heart almost floated back.

Seeing that no one in the room was talking, dipin came to Barton's room. Barton leaned against a cane chair by the window, listening to the rain outside and looking at a thick book in his hand.

Barton is a studious man. Dipin has been reading books for two times. The camera zooms in on Barton's books.

This is a domestic history book. At that time, dipin was stunned. He didn't expect that Barton would read the books on the earth, and it was also a history book. Was he interested in the history here.

However, this is also a personal hobby, dipin did not pay more attention to, began to call Barton.

"Master..."

hearing Diping's call, Barton got up from the cane chair and said respectfully.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!