Chapter 150

In the fourth space, dipin saw a crystal bottle, and his mind moved. The crystal bottle appeared in the palm of his hand. The bottle was not big, like a medicine bottle. The crystal of the bottle was transparent, and the objects in the bottle could be clearly seen.

Inside the bottle is a group of floating blood drops. The dark red blood drops emit a faint red halo, constantly changing forms, as if with a charming temptation, let people see the mind rippling.

Is this the blood of the strong?

Can this drop strengthen the potential level? Has this big effect? Dipin felt a little inconceivable with the bottle.

"A level strong blood, B-level potential hero can take, improve potential level, the success rate is 60%, can refine potential stimulant, the excitation rate is more than 90%, it is recommended to refine the medicine to take."

Diyong felt that it was safer to use an exploration technique. He didn't dare to eat it at random. The blood color was dark red, which made people feel a little terrible, let alone eat it.

Exploration skills use a message to display, and then he knows that the enhancement is not 100% successful, there is a probability, if you can refine potential potions, the effect is better, can reach more than 90%.

It's just that dipin is a little sniffy. Now he has the ability to refine. He doesn't have to think about the success rate of more than 90%. Just pray for God's care. If the 60% chance of success can be achieved, he will be Amitabha.

After opening the bottle cap, I tried to resist the nausea of my heart and poured it down with one mouthful. Unexpectedly, the odor in the mouth was not as bad as imagined. On the contrary, it had a faint fragrance, which was not as bad as imagined.

It's just that the taste is not very good. It has a kind of astringent and numb feeling, like the green and astringent feeling that the fruit food has not yet fully matured.

The entrance of the blood vessel seems to live in an instant. It doesn't need to go down at all. Well, it turns into a heat stream and runs down the throat.

From the chest and abdomen, from the stomach and intestines all the way down, and then rush into the Dantian Qihai, and then it seems to burst suddenly, such as the spring breeze and rain, spread from the Dantian to the whole body. Every time you pass by, you feel that the skin and flesh of the meridians are being strengthened.

"Click..."

dipin could clearly hear the slight click sound of bones, as if growing in the joints, and a itching numbness appeared in the whole body.

"Bang..."

I felt like a big drum, pounding violently, as if to jump out of the chest immediately, and the blood seemed to boil up, rolling torrent, and quickly moving in the body's meridians.

He felt as if he could hear the blood in his ears, such as the rumble of the flood, the thunder and the galloping horses. After a while, the energy was like a wild horse out of control, which caused the whole body's energy to burst, and his bones and muscles seemed to burst open.

At this moment, he felt that his body was no longer his own, and seemed to have lost control. Some changes were taking place in this body, and he was like an outsider standing there watching.

If it wasn't for the pain in his bones and his heart beating wildly that he knew he was still alive, otherwise he thought he was out of the body.

The strong pain made Diping's head roll out big beads of sweat. He forced to bite his teeth to stop himself from making a sound. However, his heavy breathing and violent heartbeat still awakened Gina, who was meditating. She saw dipin leaning on the sofa, shaking slightly, floating out of bed, and quickly came to di Ping.

When she saw dipin's twisted face and sweat on her head, her eyes were full of panic and worry, and she didn't know what to do.

Gina stood in the original hand, a little at a loss, the eyes in the thick worry, the master this is what happened, is it crazy again?

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!