Chapter 149

"Is it serious? Is there any water in the underground shopping mall

Di Ping knew that the situation was also a little worried, and looking at the expressions of these two people, we could see that the situation was not optimistic.

These two people are most familiar with the situation in the city. They didn't know the feeling when they went into the water?

"It's OK here. At present, there's no water overflowing in. But I'm afraid that the rain will not stop. Once the pipe network can't be drained quickly, it will be sooner or later to pour water back into the water because of the low terrain here."

Lu Guoliang also said with a worried face.

"Is there any good way?"

Di Ping thought about the following color Yan Jun staring at two people asked, this underground shopping mall thousands of people, this time if the water can be a big problem.

"At present, the best way is to plug all the drainage holes, which should prevent flooding for one or two!"

Han Zhongguo twisted his eyebrows for a moment, looked up at di Ping and said.

"Well, there is no other good way to do it at present? They worked hard and arranged the team members to block every drain as much as possible

Di Ping is no nonsense. If you really don't understand it, you can only leave it to these two people.

"Well, we'll do it at once."

They didn't talk much. They immediately stood up and responded, then turned around and left in a hurry.

Di Ping was not in the mood to sit down any more. He spoke to Gina and went out to have a look outside the mall. A dozen team members opened the block with all their hands and feet. Diping went out of the door and looked at it on the steps.

Sure enough, the rain was not much less. Although the thunder was less, the rain was still pouring. The square had been seriously flooded, like a lake. The water also went up two steps, and it was spreading to the third floor.

In the heavy rain between heaven and earth, a vast expanse, nothing can be seen, only hear the sound of the rain, the visibility in the rain curtain is less than 10 meters.

Di Ping looked at it for a while and turned back to the underground shopping mall. At this time, there was a lot of chaos in the shopping mall. Under the leadership of Han Zhongguo, Lu Guoliang and three team leaders, they were looking for all kinds of things to block the underground drain.

Di Ping checked the progress one by one. Fortunately, the underground shopping mall was decorated into a high-end shopping mall, and there were not many underground drainage holes. However, more than 300 team members of the base took part in the battle, and all of them were blocked up for more than two hours, so that everyone was relieved.

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang are really good at their level. Everything is arranged in an orderly way, and all the players are busy with the things in their hands.

But di Ping followed and watched for a while, originally wanted to start, only to find that he really did not know what to do, so he did not know what to do. After a while, he felt too bored or went back to his room.

Back in the room, Gina is still sitting on the bed, meditating and breathing. She is very diligent and does not relax for a moment. When she is a little free, she sits cross legged and meditates to enhance her mental strength and elemental sensitivity and improve her mage level.

This makes Di Ping envy. He has no other way to upgrade his soul energy. He has no other way to practice. He can only play Wang Ba Quan, which is very depressing.

After sitting for a while, dipin felt that he was too bored. He couldn't sit down. In this room, he didn't know what to do except drink tea and smoke.

After thinking about it, it's better to use the blood of the strong man who killed the mutant queen bee today!

Now, it is the most important to enhance our own strength. As long as we are strong, we can survive in the last world, go further, and protect the people we want to protect.

The backpack system interface appears in front of you. There are few things in the backpack. In addition to the Wujin sword, there are two compartments containing a lot of wine and tobacco.

Today, he gave Han Zhongguo only a small part of them. If they saw that he had two spaces and two cubes full of good smoke and wine, they would be angry and scolded.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!