Chapter 145

Outside, the thunder became more and more dense, and the thunder exploded one by one. Hearing this, Diping was a little upset. He stood up and went out of the door to see if it rained.

When Diping went outside, he found that all the things in the car had been moved in and were sorting out, while a dozen team members were sealing the door. Di Ping stopped several people and walked out of the underground base by himself. He stood in front of the cave and looked up at the sky.

The sky is covered with dark clouds, black as mountains on top of the head, the whole sky has become dark as ink, it seems that it has entered the night, a series of lightning like electric snakes in the clouds, the wind howling, the trees in the street shake desperately, as if they are about to break.

"Click..."

it was another blast of thunder. As soon as the sky brightened, a flash of lightning the thickness of a bucket lit up the whole world.

"Hua....."

it seems that the rain has been brewed enough, and a blast of thunder shakes the rain down. The big raindrops fall from the sky and hit the ground, first a few, then more and more intensive. The crash started. After a while, it was like the mouth of the sky, and the rain fell down day after day. The whole sky was covered with rain, and everything else could not be seen.

"At last

Di Ping stood at the entrance of the cave and sighed.

"Yes! It's getting bigger

At this time, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang came from behind, looking at the heavy rain outside and sighing.

Many people in the base also gathered at the door, stretched out their heads to look at the heavy rain outside, sighed, and one by one also talked in surprise. The rain was really too heavy. After a while, deep water had accumulated on the square.

Fortunately, there is a three-level team at the gate of the underground shopping mall. Moreover, the terrain here is relatively high, and the water can not diffuse in. Otherwise, the rain will come down, and the underground base will be full of water.

"Wow..."

the rain seems to be pouring down without money, as if to clean up all the dirt between the heaven and the earth.

The rain always makes people happy, but the heavy rain like this makes people have a trace of fear and awe from their hearts. People say that water and fire are merciless. Yesterday, di Ping just experienced fire, and today he has to experience water. Life is indeed full of accidents.

Looking at the heavy rain, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang are still worried. They know about the city's drainage system. The rain is comparable to the once-in-a-million years.

Such a heavy rain, the underground drainage system is absolutely a test, two people are very worried about rain into the ground, ordered people to get waterproof sandbags to block the door, to prevent water from entering.

Half an hour later, the rain still didn't stop. The sky was still filled with thunder, and people's ears were numb.

Han Zhongguo and Han Zhongguo couldn't sit still. They ran back to the base and began to check everywhere to see if there was any water seepage. It was underground. If the rain water poured in from inside, it would be troublesome. You know, there is no electricity and no way to pump water.

Di Ping stood here and watched for a full hour. Seeing that the rain didn't stop at all, he also retreated back. Several members of the team sealed the door again.

When you enter the underground base, you can smell the smell of rice. It's time to have lunch in the base. Only from the fact that there are enough materials, three meals a day can't be less, and one meal can be eaten in the base at noon.

Although can't eat casually, but can tube half full also is OK, unlike before one day also did not eat a strong too much.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!