Chapter 144

"Click..."

another thunder burst out. Although this is an underground shopping mall, the thunder still makes Diping's ears ache. It can be seen how loud the thunder is.

"It looks like it's going to rain!"

Di Ping just picked up the tea from Gina. He was shocked by the thunder and shook his hand. Fortunately, his power was well controlled. Otherwise, the cup was crushed by himself.

Looking at the green tea floating in the teacup, I sighed in my heart. Listening to the thunder, the rain will not be small, but I don't know how long it will last?

This idea was just a change. Diping didn't think about it. People said, "it's going to rain, and my mother wants to marry." no one can control it. Fortunately, he brought back a lot of food today. These three days have accumulated enough to eat for a month. He didn't believe it would rain for another month.

Dipin leaned on the sofa and lit a cigarette. He always liked to smoke a cigarette while drinking tea. This was the most relaxing time for him. While enjoying him, he turned on the system. After the war, he had not seen the changes of the system.

After entering the system, Diping checked the changes in the base and found that the people in the base were rushing in and out, moving some things into the manor, and the people on the castle wall retreated, as if they were all welcoming the arrival of the heavy rain.

After watching the base for a while, there was nothing wrong with it. Everything was going on in an unstable way, so I didn't pay more attention to it.

He opened the tavern system again. He wanted to see if there were any new heroes today, but when he opened the system, his eyes were swept, and he was stunned and staring at the boss.

He found that the data of soul energy changed, and the soul energy value became 1489. He remembered that he had 319 energy points before, and then he used 170 points of energy to deal with the mutated queen bee. Now he has 149 energy points?

How can it increase this? He doesn't remember that the fire mutant bee has received soul energy? This time, dipin was a little confused.

Looking up through the virtual screen, he saw Gina, who was also drinking tea. Suddenly, dipin's eyes lit up. At this time, he remembered that when Gina used magic ignition to block mutant wasps, didn't they burn a large number of mutant wasps?

He was in a panic at that time. He was holding a soft Gina and ran away. He was also thinking about things outside.

He vaguely remembered that there were innumerable spiritual lights shining on his back, but he didn't pay attention at that time. In order to rush into the fire door, he used all his heart and energy to pay attention to other things.

In this way, these mutant wasps only died two or three thousand times at that time, so each of them could harvest less than 1 point of soul energy, which was indeed a little low, but fortunately, the number was large.

At this time, Diping had some regrets. He should not have put out the fire to the wasps. He knew that he should consume a little. The energy of the tens of thousands of mutant wasps can only get a little more energy.

It's just that it's useless and it's too late to regret.

Di Ping pressed the regret in his heart and opened the recruitment interface. He saw that the interface changed for a while, and three heroes appeared, but he was still not very lucky. All the three heroes were D-class, and there were no good potential heroes.

Although level D is good, he doesn't know how many heroes he can recruit, so he doesn't dare to use the hero positions indiscriminately. If he can't, he should try not to use them. If there are only ten heroes in the system, will he still not cry when he recruits a pile of d-level heroes?

He didn't give up. He bit!

After another refresh, the screen is changing, and three heroes appear, which proves once again that his luck is not so good today. The three are still class D heroes. In this level of pub, the probability of high-level potential heroes appearing is still too low.

Some of them turned off the system, smoked and looked unhappy. Gina looked at Diping curiously, but she didn't know that the master was wrong. She just didn't dare to ask more questions. She sat quietly and did not speak.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!