Chapter 148

Dipine and Barton exchanged the thumping situation in the base. Everything was still good. Everything was going on in a way that was unstable.

Barton strictly carried out the matter of Deping's confession to clean up the road.

Mok and Owen began to clean up the mutant animals in the direction of dipine according to the order. The results were good. In these two days, the light mutation dogs killed more than ten, and there were also mutated cats and wild boars. They didn't know what happened. Now, there are more and more mutated animals in the city, which can be met every time.

Owen and Moke not only brought back many of the mutated animals, but also asked the base to start eating variant meat, which is said to be useful to human beings.

Originally, more than a few people disagree. Finally, Patton said that it really has effect on human body strengthening. More than a few people have added mutated meat to food.

Who knows that people in the base love the mutated meat as soon as they eat it. It is not only delicious, but also easy to eat and full. After eating, the body is more energetic. The injured will be good soon. The weak ones are also stronger. Now the mutated meat has become a good thing.

Dipine was very happy to hear that the base began eating mutated meat, and he was interested in talking to Barton about it this time, so that Owen's meat from the mutant animals they hunted should not be thrown away and edible.

Who wants to wait for him to say that Owen has done this well, it seems that the S-level potential is really different, the strength is strong, the mind is better, thought of it long ago.

Later Barton then reported the base and dipine. Only then did he know that Owen not only cleaned up the mutant animals, but also rescued dozens of people back. Now the number of people in the base has exceeded 100.

And Owen has consciously collected food every time he goes out, and this time he leads out, collects a lot of food, and the stock has been rising.

Although the land to be reclaimed will take more than 20 days to mature, the food stored is enough to feed for a month or two.

Hearing this, dipine finally put down his heart. Owen didn't know what to do. Not only was he talented, but also seemed to be first-class. It must be a good chat when he went back.

After a while of communication with Barton, Diping just quit the system. The rain outside was still under. Listening to the rain, he could feel that the rain was not very small. It seemed that it had been raining all the time, and he was not ready to stop. At one time, dipine was a little bit big.

It's boring. Dipine began to exercise in the room. He has been upgraded two levels this time. Before that, he didn't fully master the strength. This has been upgraded to two levels, and he has to experience the strength in a large amount of time.

This exercise is one afternoon, with his current strength, waving thousands of Swords is just feeling tired. The impact of sword wielding on him has become smaller and smaller, so we have to start strength training so as to better understand the rapid increase of strength.

Gina still sat in bed, meditating, and dipine was jumping up and down in the room, either waving a sword or a fist, and had a good time.

Besides, this afternoon, he felt that the new strength also gradually realized that the control of power was getting better and better. It seems that his method is still good. He felt refreshed and refreshed immediately after he had simply washed his sweat.

At more than six, Han Zhongguo and his two men came again. They were not very good-looking and had a lot of troubles. Diping asked as he looked at them and asked them to sit down.

"What happened? I don't think the two brothers have a good face. What happened?"

"Di, things are not optimistic! Now the rain has not stopped meaning, the rain has accumulated too fast, now the water at the door has reached the second level of the step! "

Han Zhongguo said with heavy complexion and heavy worry.

Diping also knows that although this new area is called the rich area, it is the most expensive place for housing prices in Zhongzhou, but the underground pipe network is not well matched. It was said that it could reach once a hundred years of heavy rain, but every time it rains, there will be a lot of street overflowing water, which has become a joke for many people in Zhongzhou.

And rain like this is certainly a thousand years or a million years in the official, and the streets are flooded.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!