Chapter 153

Di Ping quickly opened the backpack. There was a scroll like object in the space where the backpack was originally placed. His mind moved. A long strip-shaped thing appeared in his palm.

It's like a painting scroll. It's not about 30 cm long. The whole body is a kind of animal skin material. It's full of complicated lines. People are dazzled. The central axis looks like crystal. It's crystal clear. At a glance, it looks like a simple object. It's very heavy. You can feel the softness of leather when you hold it.

"This is the return scroll, but how do you use it?"

Looking at the scroll in his hand, Diping couldn't see the transmission scroll that could transmit people like what was said in the game. Although the phase style was mysterious and simple, he looked left and right and didn't know how to use it.

"By the way, explore!"

Dipin thought of the exploration. Although this skill can sometimes pit itself, its function is still very strong.

"Return scroll, level 1, up to five people at a time. The maximum transmission distance is 5000 km. Open it and use it."

this system is still awesome, and the information is very clear. Not only does it convey the distance of many people, but also the use is explained. It seems that the system has been criticized for itself once, but it has improved its own skills.

I took the scroll again to check it. Sure enough, after a circle, I found a crystal clasp in the center of the scroll. It seems that as long as you open the buckle, you can open the scroll. But dipin doesn't dare to open it now. If you open it, you can start it. Isn't it a waste of this return scroll?

"Ah! Transfer reel? "

Suddenly, Gina looked at the scroll in Diping's hand and exclaimed, as if surprised!

"Gina, how do you know it's a transport reel?"

Diping some doubts, their own this just got the hand, has not used, how can Gina know.

"Master, when I was in the college, the teacher showed it to us. I remember it was like this!"

Gina's eyes are shining. She's looking at the transmission scroll in Diping's hands. Her eyes are shining!

"Do you know how to use it?"

Di Ping was very happy when he was standing. He didn't expect that Gina's world had this thing. Maybe she would know how to use it.

"Of course, the teacher has guided us!"

Gina seems to be very proud of the small face, looking at Gina said, a face of confidence.

"How do you want to use this scroll?"

Dipin looked at the lovely Gina, and then laughed and handed her the scroll.

"Mm-hmm!"

Gina's head is like a chicken eating rice. She takes the scroll carefully from dipin's hand, holding it as if holding a porcelain doll in her hand, for fear that one might be accidentally broken.

"Master, this transmission scroll is usually made by a rune master using furs, crystals and other first-class items. You can record the location in the scroll and then transfer it to this recording point from a distance?"

Gina seems to really understand, while reading and talking, holding the scroll happily, as if looking at a priceless antique.

"How, do you know?"

Now dipin understood how this thing came from. He wanted to see Gina, so he knew whether it was opened in the same way as this one, so he asked again.

"Of course! You see, master, as long as you open the crystal button and pull out the scroll, the scroll will automatically trigger and become a six pointed star transmission array. As long as people enter the array, they can choose the transmission point, and then they will start the direct transmission. "

Gina said happily when she heard dipin's words, and then handed the transmission scroll to dipin to show him.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!