Chapter 157

"Even if the light doesn't get through, how should the stairs be sealed?"

Lu Guoliang is also staring at Feng Ziming.

"I've seen the stairs, too. The five expressways are easy to seal. There are fire doors in the building. It's OK to seal them directly. The four escalators will be more troublesome. We can block them with the display shelves in the mall!"

Feng Ziming took out a piece of paper, which was actually marked with the structure of the shopping mall. He pointed to the place where the passageway was shown on the map while explaining it. Lu Guoliang had to take a deep look at Feng Ziming. The young man was so wonderful and thoughtful that he did so many jobs secretly. The mark on the picture was very clear, well founded, and the reason was very sufficient. He let himself do it for a while I don't know how to refute it.

"Can I say something?"

At this time has been quiet listening to others, never opened a team leader Xu Sheng suddenly stood up and said.

"Xu Sheng, tell me! Since it is a meeting, we should speak freely! Don't worry about it. "

Di Ping said with a smile.

"Yes, general leader"

after hearing what Di Ping said, Xu Sheng looked at the crowd and said slowly, "you know, I grew up in the countryside. I remember that in summer, after every heavy rain in the countryside, a large number of birds, animals, insects and snakes would rush out to look for food. If these mutant animals were the same habit, many of us would gather on it, and the smell would be very strong To mutate animals? "

"Yes, yes, yes, I have had such experience. I also lived in the countryside when I was a child. I remember that was the case!"

Han Zhongguo seemed to think of it, patted the table and nodded in praise, "this can't be done, it will become a live target upstairs!"

Feng Ziming had doubts in his eyes. He didn't believe Xu Sheng's words. He grew up in the city. When he heard Han Zhongguo say this, he knew that it was true. So he sat down in a bit of depression, and the meeting was cold again.

"I don't think it's necessary to focus on this building. Isn't there a hotel on our left? I think it should be appropriate? "

At this time, Zhang Liang, the leader of the second team who had not spoken and smoked, suddenly raised his head and looked at the crowd and said.

"Ah! right! I don't remember, this hotel is very suitable! "

Zhang Liang's voice just fell, Han Zhongguo clapped his thigh happily and called.

Everyone's eyes were bright. Even Feng Ziming looked at Zhang Liang in surprise. He didn't expect that Zhang Liang, who was usually silent, had a small calculation in his heart. He had observed the surrounding environment secretly, but he suddenly appeared when everyone had no idea.

"Captain Zhang, what are you talking about?"

Di Ping has never been to that hotel. Naturally, he doesn't know it. Before the end of the world, he is not familiar with this area. This is the new area, but also outside the urban area. He has no chance to come here at ordinary times. So he wants to ask Zhang Liang to explain the situation of the hotel.

"Good commander in chief"

after hearing what Di Ping said, Zhang Liang quickly pressed the cigarette into the ashtray, stood up and nodded to di Ping. Then he looked at the public and said, "this is a newly built four-star hotel. It is only 500 meters away from us, with a total height of 18 floors. It has just opened this year, and there are enough rooms to accommodate the whole base, and there are only three channels Good sealing, can fully meet the safety needs. "

"What do you think?"

Di Ping looked at all the people thinking deeply and did not speak, so he asked. He also thought that this plan was feasible, but since everyone was deliberating, it was better to ask everyone's opinions.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!