Chapter 159

"Di corps, it's raining hard outside. Can we move now?"

Lu Guoliang looked at di Ping a little worried and said.

"Yes! Di corps, why is it raining heavily to migrate? Can't we wait for the weather to clear up? It's going to be a problem in such a heavy rain? "

Han Zhongguo is also puzzled. He doesn't understand why Di Ping has to migrate in such a heavy rain. Isn't it unreasonable? Under such a heavy rain, migration is very difficult. It's hard for normal people to walk, let alone the elderly and children. What if it's freezing?

These are all problems that must be considered. He did not believe that dipin had thought about these things.

"Yes! Di corps, if there is no good reason, I'm afraid many people will not want to move. After all, it's hard to walk in such a heavy rain. What's more, it's very difficult for the old and the young to migrate? "

Feng Ziming was also a little excited. He didn't understand why Di Ping had to move, so the language was a little fierce.

"Sit down, and I'll tell you why!"

Di Ping did not blame him, just smile and wave to let him sit down, Feng Ziming at this time also understand that he was a little excited, owed the lower body, this slowly sat down.

"Don't you all wonder why I have to move under heavy rain?"

Di Ping took a sip of tea, put down the cup, glanced at the crowd, laughed and said in a flat voice.

"You don't say I can also understand, this heavy rain migration is a bit crazy taste, but I have my reason!"

Di Ping saw that people did not speak, they were looking at themselves with the eyes of asking questions, so they were not talking nonsense, and then said.

"I ask, have you ever felt that the world is too quiet these days?"

Seeing that all the people were staring at themselves, and no one interrupted, dipin continued.

"Quiet? What does Di mean

Han Zhongguo some do not understand the meaning of Di Ping's words, looking at him to ask.

"Yes! Be quiet

Dipin nodded solemnly, then glanced over the crowd, and saw that every face had a look that he didn't understand. Then he said, "in addition to seeing mutant dogs and so on, have you seen any other mutant animals these days? Don't you think that there are a few varieties of the mutant animals, and do you hear insects or birds chirping

"Yes! I always feel that there is something wrong with it, but I understand that there is something wrong with Di's words, that is, it's too quiet! "

Han Zhongguo suddenly clapped his thigh and exclaimed.

"Yes, yes! Di corps, I don't know if you don't say it! What do you mean? "

Lu Guoliang is also a face of enlightenment, but his face suddenly changed, some hesitant looking at di Ping asked, voice with extreme uneasiness.

"Yes! After the rain, the original sleeping mutant animals will wake up quickly. Not only animals, but also birds and insects will wake up in large areas. By then, there will be mutant creatures everywhere. The environment on the ground will worsen, and human survival will be more difficult. Once the weather is fine, the risk of our great migration will be too great. "

Di Ping looked at the bright spot of the state of Lu and nodded.

"Ah! Is that true? "

Feng Ziming's three men stood up in astonishment and looked at di Ping's frightened way.

"Is this news true of Di corps?"

Even Han Zhongguo and Han Zhongguo stood up, their eyes full of horror. They did not expect that things would be more serious than they imagined.

"Yes! The news is absolutely true and reliable! "

Di Ping looked at several people solemnly and said in a deep voice.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!