Chapter 158

"Well, I think it works!"

Han Zhongguo took the lead in making a case.

"I agree with it!"

Lu Guoliang also raised his hand.

"I agree!"

Feng Ziming lowered his head as if to think of something. Hearing Lu Guoliang's agreement, he slowly raised his head. His face had no expression and he also raised his hand.

"I agree!"

Xu Sheng also raised his hand to express his agreement. Now only Di Ping has not made a statement. Zhang Liang must have agreed! Who does not agree with his own idea.

Di Ping thought for a while and thought that it was OK. At present, this plan was the most reasonable one. So he prepared to vote with a show of hands. As soon as his hand was moved, he heard a sound in his mind and immediately startled him.

"Di 路路路路 friendship tips, this rain is the first rain under the vitality riot. The vitality will moisten all things and speed up the process of biological evolution. Once the rain stops, countless mutant creatures on the earth will wake up, including many insect mutants. Then the outside will become more dangerous, and it will be more difficult for human beings to survive in the outside world!"

After listening to this paragraph of the system, Diping felt a violent shock of his body, a cool air went straight to the forehead, and a sudden sweat came out from his back.

He was shocked, but there was such a thing. If it was not explained by the system, he did not know that he would have planned to move back to the base as soon as the weather was clear. If the weather was fine, how much loss would it be?

What's the difference between a thousand people walking outside and sending them to the mouth of mutant animals? We should know that the number of mutated animals is still very small, and many of them have not awakened. In particular, insect mutants have not appeared, and they will wake up after this rain, which is terrible to think about.

It's no wonder that he can't even hear a sound of insects recently. It's still evolving. He didn't wake up. Dipin thought about the monstrous mutants, but he knew about them. Anyone who had seen StarCraft knew it was terrible. The most desperate place for mutators was the amazing number. The huge base determined that once the evolution was completed, it would be a disaster for human beings hard!

"No!"

Just when everyone was praising Diping with his hands raised, who knew that he spat out a "no" word from Diping's mouth. At that time, everyone was stunned in situ.

"Chief? Do you not agree with this plan? "

Han Zhongguo looked at di Ping with doubts in his eyes and asked, but before he finished speaking, he was stopped by Di Ping.

"It's not that we don't move, we're moving!"

Di Ping sat upright and looked at the crowd, then said faintly.

"Migration? Where to migrate? Is it... "

Han Zhongguo is in a hot temper. He immediately asks after hearing Di Ping's words. His face is puzzled at the same time, and his eyes are bright in a flash. It seems that he thinks of something again.

"Good! We're moving to my other base? "

Di Ping looked at Han Zhongguo, nodded and said with a smile.

"Another base?"

Suddenly, in addition to Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang two people look normal, and the three captains are startled.

"Yes, the other base, I have another base, has begun to restore construction. There are also five fighters of my strength, so the security is much higher than here. I came here to rescue only after receiving the rescue information from here. I wanted to move the personnel in the past two days! Both ministers know about it! "

Di Ping looked at the three teams and explained. At this time, the three people understood that there was a base for Di Corps. At the same time, the three were also surprised. There were five people in the base of Di general team. There were as many as five people with his strength. No wonder the base could come out to rescue the base here.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!