Chapter 154

Di Ping knew clearly that the scroll sent by the system also had evidence, which was not unique to the system, so that he only knew how to use it.

Gina is reluctant to give up the scroll to Diping, but her eyes are reluctant to leave for a second. It seems that she really likes it, but Diping has one now, but she is reluctant to give it to her, so she has to put it into the backpack in Gina's eyes.

"Pa Pa......

Di Ping stood up and waved a few punches. However, a random punch produced a burst of wind. It can be seen that the strength and speed of his fist have reached what level. He feels that if he encounters a giant Tibetan mastiff with variation, he can kill it with one punch.

In less than ten days, he has become so powerful that he knows that there should be a big gap between him and the mutant crocodile. Although he has not faced the crocodile directly, he can feel the power of the mutant crocodile from the description of Han Zhongguo and others.

And the perverted Eagle I met on the way!

He can't be complacent. He has to redouble his efforts. He clenches his fist and feels the powerful strength of his whole body. He has greater confidence that in the future, a powerful alien like the mutant crocodile will also end up in his own hands.

Time passed quickly, until a team member brought the meal in the evening. Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang came together, ate something and talked with each other. Seeing their locked brows, they knew that things would not be good.

Although both said that the underground shopping malls have not been poured back, they both have strong concerns. Under such rainfall, once the underground passage water fails to flow, it will certainly pour back.

After dinner, they left in a hurry and went to inspect the underground shopping mall so that problems could be solved in time.

As soon as they left, dipin was free again. He simply washed and lay down in bed. In the afternoon, upgrading his potential really consumed him a lot of physical strength. He had to make up for it as soon as possible.

"Bang......"

while sleeping, di Ping was suddenly awakened by a sudden knock on the door. He sat up from the bed with a smart mind. Gina also woke up from meditation, quickly put down her cross legged seat, turned on the LED lamp, and the room immediately lit up.

"What's the matter?"

The knock on the door was still urgent. Di Ping quickly got out of bed and walked a few steps to the door. He opened the glass door. He saw Han Zhongguo's face full of anxiety and raised his hands to knock on the door. Later, Lu Guoliang was also there. There were several players with lights on, all covered with sweat, so he asked in a hurry.

"Di corps, the underground shopping mall is flooded!"

Han Zhongguo saw Di Ping and said excitedly.

"Ah! Water in? "

Di Ping was suddenly surprised. He was really afraid of anything. He looked at Han Zhongguo and asked, "how is the situation now? Is it serious?"

"The water was very small at the beginning, and we blocked many holes, but now the water is still getting bigger and bigger, and it can't be blocked?"

Han Zhongguo wiped the sweat on his face and said in a hurry.

"Go and have a look!"

Di Ping didn't dare to neglect him. He walked out of the door quickly. Several people followed him. Han Zhongguo ran two steps to lead the way.

Under the leadership of Han Zhongguo, a group of people walked quickly to the passage. At this time, Diping found that all the people in the rooms on both sides actually got up. It seemed that they all knew about it. They looked out through the glass windows one by one. When Diping came to the nearest water hole, he knew that something had happened.

I saw that the originally blocked lower passage hole was pouring water out, and the ground was wet, and it was still spreading at a speed visible to the naked eye.

At this rate, it won't be long before the small hole can wet the underground shopping mall all over the night.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!