Chapter 156

"Don't be bored. I think we all know what's going on now. Let's talk about any ideas."

Or did Di Ping take the lead to break the silence, he pressed the cigarette end out in the ashtray, his voice said blandly, without any anxious look, it seems that this is not a matter, just a simple conversation.

"Let me talk about it."

Han Zhongguo was the first to respond to di Ping's call. He took a puff of cigarette butts. Then he put the cigarette end out in the ashtray. He raised his head, glanced at everyone. Then he said slowly, "according to my intuition, the rain will not stop for a while. If the next night, the underground shopping mall will be flooded, and people can't stay ？”

Speaking of this, Han Zhongguo pauses for a moment. Seeing that all the people are looking at him, he then goes on to say, "I think we can move to the mall all night. There are more floors on the upper floor. Let's move to the top and down first. We'll try our best when the rain stops."

"It's not possible!"

At this time, Lu Guoliang opened his mouth. Although he has been cooperating with Han Zhongguo, he obviously has his own views on this matter.

"Why is it not feasible?"

Han Zhongguo is not happy, glared at Lu Guoliang and said.

"The reason why we used to enter the underground shopping mall is to be good at defense. If we go up to the top and the rain stops, the mutant animals will come. If we gather together, the mutated animals can easily be attracted. At that time, the underground shopping malls are full of water and can't be used for a while. What should we do if we are safe at break time?"

Lu Guoliang did not show weakness. He also gave a glance back at Han Zhongguo and lit up his own view. All the people nodded their heads thoughtfully. Even Han Zhongguo's face changed and he had nothing to say.

"I also suggest moving up. Now the underground water has begun to pour back. If the rain doesn't stop, sooner or later, this place will be flooded. Once the water overflows, the problem will be big! As for safety? "

Feng Ziming, the leader of the three teams sitting opposite, spoke. He looked at di Ping with a bright look in his eyes and seemed to have a lot of ideas.

"You go on?"

Di Ping leaned on the sofa, looking at Feng Ziming in his eyes.

"Yes! After hearing Di Ping's words, Feng Ziming immediately stood up and said, "this building is five stories high, which is similar to the structure of our underground floor. It's enough for all of us to move to the top floor. Then it's safe to seal all the stairs!"

"It won't work! There are only two exits between the underground floor and the ground. This opening is easy to seal. The other passages have explosion-proof iron doors that can be directly sealed. Therefore, the underground base can be so safe. There are nine passageways in the ground shopping mall. We can't seal them all. The main upper layer is glass structure, and a little light will be transmitted to the outside. What should we do when the mutated animals are attracted? "

After hearing his reply, di fengma did not even understand the structure of the work behind the scenes.

"I've also thought about it. There are many home textile shops upstairs. We can seal all the glass tightly and keep the light out!"

Feng Ziming, who was standing, immediately said, looking at Lu Guoliang, he didn't mean to give in at all. Obviously, he also had a working class.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!