Chapter 155

Di Ping then inspected five or six underground entrances and found that all of them were like this. The water began to ooze slowly, and the water was black and smelly. The whole underground shopping mall was full of a bad smell.

"Is the rain getting smaller outside?"

Di Ping frowned when he saw this situation. If the water kept rising, the underground shopping mall would soon be full of water. People would not be able to stay. Could not everyone stand?

This can be tolerated for a short time. If it takes a long time, who will suffer? It's enough to stand alone and soak in the water. Now I can only expect the rain to stop or be smaller, so that the water can slowly retreat to solve the crisis here. So I turned to ask Hanzhong national highway.

"Ah! I just checked it. The rain doesn't decrease at all. The rainfall is still very heavy. I don't know when it will stop! "

Han Zhongguo hit a fist on the palm of his hand and said in a voice of hatred.

After listening to Han Zhongguo's words, di Ping did not say a word, but frowned more tightly. He quickened his pace and hurried to the gate of the underground shopping mall. He wanted to see the heavy rain outside. He didn't believe Han Zhongguo's words, but he had expectations.

More than ten members of the team opened the door again, and di Ping took the lead to go out. Although it was dark outside, the sound alone could tell how heavy the rain was. The noise was like dumping. There was no change compared with before. The only change was that the thunder stopped.

After listening for a while, I also knew that if it rained, not to mention the underground shopping malls, the whole Zhongzhou might also be flooded. It has been raining for several hours.

And up to now, I don't mean to turn small or stop. If it goes on like this, God knows what will happen.

Taking the flashlight from the team member's hand, turning it on and taking a picture, you can see that the original square has completely turned into a lake. The rain falls on the surface of the lake. The flashlight can't shine far. It's all blocked by the rain curtain. You can imagine how big the rain is.

Before Di Ping saw that the water surface had just reached the second floor, but now it has spread over the third floor. If there was no flood control bag blocking up, the water would be directly poured into the underground shopping mall.

Seeing that di Ping's scalp felt numb, the situation was even more dangerous than he had imagined. At this time, a gust of wind came, and the water vapor of tide was caught in the wind. It was extremely cold. Han Zhongguo was very excited. Even though he was so strong, he still felt that the wind was a little cold. It was not like the wind in summer at all.

Diping reached for the rain. Sure enough, the rain was cold. It seems that the weather will turn cool after this rain. It has already had the feeling of late autumn.

"Di corps, what to do now?"

Han Zhongguo saw that di Ping did not speak, just looked at the rain in a daze, so he asked anxiously.

"Go, go back and talk about it!"

Di Ping did not return to Han Zhongguo's question, but said without expression. He turned to the door and walked to the door. After two steps, he stopped and said, "call the three team leaders and assemble in the conference room."

In the conference room of the underground shopping mall, four LED lights were turned on. The conference room, which was not big enough, was extremely bright. In fact, the meeting room was just a storefront, with a few sofas arranged in a circle. It was indisputable that di Ping was directly sitting in the first seat. Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang were the second leaders, and they were also sitting in the lower and left positions of Diping.

However, Xu Sheng, leader of the first team, Zhang Liang, leader of the second team, and Feng Ziming, leader of the third team, sat on the sofa opposite. None of the six people in the room opened their mouths and smoked in silence. Only Feng Ziming did not smoke and coughed by several big guns.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!