Chapter 151

Gina looked at her more and more distressed master. She did not dare to think about it any more. She quickly raised her hands, and a white light more intense than ever appeared between her hands.

Then she pressed to the chest of Diping, who was leaning against the sofa, shaking and twitching all over. The white light seemed to be the water, which quickly seeped into the dry land.

Di Ping felt as if he was burning by a fire. He felt very sad. Especially, the blood energy was boiling in his body. Like a horse, he abused him all over the body.

His whole body was red at the moment, just like a cooked lobster. His whole body was convulsed and twisted. The blood vessels on his hands and neck were high and high, like strong roots of trees. He was really scared and would explode in a moment.

This is a kind of bone marrow pain, let him almost faint, his consciousness is also gradually a little fuzzy.

But there was a voice telling him not to faint, not to faint, if he fainted, this reinforcement might fail.

So he tried not to let himself faint, clenched his teeth, his teeth were gurgling, it seemed that he was about to be bitten, which shows how much strength he used.

Clenched teeth gradually exuded a trace of blood, along the corner of the mouth, the whole person showed some ferocious.

When dipin felt that he could no longer support himself, a cool, cold and warm energy poured into his chest and quickly flowed to his body. It was like a spring breeze, and it was like a woman's soft hand gently stroking. All the blood and flesh of the riot seemed to have met with Kexing, and the violent energy gradually subsided and seemed to return To the right path, flow along the meridians, strengthen the body.

"Click"

suddenly it seemed that there was a click sound, and dipin felt a violent shock in his body, as if some shackles in his body had been broken, and his whole body felt relaxed.

Just like a person carrying a heavy load, he put down the heavy load on his shoulder and became relaxed and happy.

Before he could feel it, a powerful and terrifying force poured out of his body. At this moment, Diping felt as if he were a God. One blow could break the sky and one foot could shake the earth.

At this time, he understood Li Yuanba, a hero of Sui and Tang Dynasty, who hated heaven, earth and ground without a handle. Isn't he feeling the same at the moment? This should be the feeling of ultimate strength?

As the energy slowly disappeared, dipin was in a daze. He slowly opened his eyes and saw Gina's anxious face. She was looking at herself worried. Her face was covered with drops of water. A pair of small white hands were pressing on his chest, flashing white light, and his face was pale and frightening.

"Gina! Thank you. I'm fine! "

Di Ping voice a little weak, grateful looking at Gina, whispered.

If you see here, do you know that Gina saved herself. The cold energy just now is the same feeling that Gina used to cure herself.

Today, if it was not for the energy involved, I really don't know if I can ease it. The pain is too unbearable, as if the blood is about to explode.

Can you imagine this kind of pain, like the feeling that people are stirring your bones and flesh back and forth? Seriously, Diping really didn't want to go through it again.

"Lord, what's the matter with you?"

Gina's eyes swept back and forth on dipin's body, worried.

"I just took the medicine to improve my potential, and I almost didn't resist it!"

Diping felt that there was no need to hide it from Gina, so he told the truth.

"Ah! My God! Master, you are too hasty

Gina seemed to hear something terrible. Her eyes were staring at her. She looked at dipin excitedly and said, "master, don't you know that the blood energy is very violent? In general, few people will take it directly, all of which are to be taken by refining patent medicines. Can we balance the energy riots before taking them? If you take it directly, you will be in danger of explosion! "

"I don't know?"

Dipin rolled his eyes. He knew that it was better to make potions with organic rate, but he didn't know anything else. As for the energy rage, which was not shown in the exploration technique, he didn't know.

"Master, you're so reckless that you dare to take it if you don't know it! There are many people there who don't want to buy the medicine, but also pay for it directly. Many people have become waste people, and some people die of blood violence directly! "

Gina looked at dipin like an idiot. Her eyes were unbelievable.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!