Chapter 160

"It's over!"

after being affirmed by Di Ping, Han Zhongguo was suddenly struck by lightning. His face was pale and his mouth was murmuring. His eyes were numb, and he sat down in the sofa. His body seemed to have been pulled away and his back was paralyzed.

"It won't be like this, it won't be like this!"

Lu Guoliang is also no focus, looking at di Ping, a face of panic said.

Xu Sheng, Zhang Liang and Feng Ziming were not so good. They were all pale, pale and lost in their eyes. They didn't expect that things would change like this. If a large number of creatures mutated after the rain, and all kinds of mutant animals came out, the world would not have become the world of mutant creatures.

Think of a mutant crocodile killing tens of thousands of people, killing and injuring countless people. There are dozens of mutant dogs blocking these more than 1000 people in the underground shopping mall, and they dare not go out. But for Diping's arrival, they might have starved to death in this underground base.

It can be imagined that once all the mutated animals wake up, there is still a way for human beings to live. Thinking about the vast number of mutant insects, the mutant birds flying in the sky, and the endless variation animals underground, people don't need to think about it for many times to feel the sweat on their backs.

They have all experienced the despair of being chased by mutant animals. They can't imagine how much human beings can survive. Can't they really have no future?

"So we have to take advantage of the heavy rain to finish the migration. If it is too late and the rain stops, we will lose the chance!"

Di Ping did not have too much time for them to slowly digest the news, looking at the silence of several people suddenly said aloud.

"Oh

Several people were woken up from the shock by Diping. They looked at Diping like a dreamer. They just didn't know what to say.

"Di corps, if this is the case, will it be safe to go to another base?"

Han Zhongguo trembled and lit a cigarette, took a deep breath, and then spit it out for a long time. It seemed that his mood relaxed. He looked at di Ping and asked.

"Yes! Team Di, if the mutants wake up in large numbers, the other base is not safe? How can we ensure the safety of these people? "

Feng Ziming's handsome face is still a little pale. Looking at di Ping, he asked in a trembling voice. It seems that he hasn't fully woken up from the shock.

"As I said! There are five people with fighting capacity like me, and I promise there will be more and more. I can't promise you anything. I can only guarantee that I will try my best to ensure the safety of more people! Who can really guarantee complete security in this last age? Even in peacetime, there will be natural and man-made disasters, right? "

Di Ping took a deep look at Feng Ziming. He was originally very fond of Feng Ziming, but after a series of performances just now, he was somewhat disappointed. Although Feng Ziming did well, he obviously lost his way in the face of a major crisis. Compared with Xu Sheng and Zhang Liang, he was still a little worse. Although these two people were frightened just now, they only stabilized now So excited.

"It's difficult! The organization of these people is a problem in itself, and there is a lot of food! "

Lu Guoliang took a deep breath of smoke and then vomited it out. A large number of chimneys covered his face, but he could still listen to his dignified voice through his words.

"No matter how difficult it is, we must get to my base before the rain stops!"

Di Ping looks serious, deep voice said, tone firm, there is no room for discussion.

"Captain, what if someone doesn't want to move?"

At this time, di Zhongquan raised his head and looked up at Han.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!