Chapter 152

"No? Will you die? "

Di Ping was stupid at that time. If he didn't know this, Zina said he didn't know it. It seems that this system exploration can't be fully believed, and he would have died.

Just now he thought that he couldn't make it. If Gina had not calmed down the violent energy in time, he would not have escaped this disaster today. Thinking of this, he suddenly felt a layer of sweat on his back.

"Dead, of course! The energy is too fierce for ordinary people to resist! "

Gina said in a confident tone as she handed dipin a glass of water.

"Well! Thank you very much this time, Zina

Di Ping wiped the sweat on his dishcloth and took the cup with thanks in his eyes.

At this time, he secretly scolded the system as a "pit father" thing, and the display information did not show all, and he almost killed himself.

"Di... The system has recommended refining medicine to take. Who should blame if the host has to take it now? Host, you are not only a dish, but also have a bad look

At this time, a sound came from the system. Just as soon as he heard the content of the system, Diping almost had a mouthful of old blood, and almost didn't choke himself to death.

Kapa....

Diping coughed a few times, and then came to his relief. The system did not eat at all. He just scolded him, and then responded. Usually, he didn't pay attention to you when you yelled him to death. However, dipin felt that he could not have the same insight with the system if he had a big stomach.

"Hot water, master?"

Gina thought Diping was hot, so she took the cup and changed it.

"Nothing, nothing! I choked on the water just now

Di Ping quickly waved his hand to indicate that it was OK. He could not tell Gina that he was despised by the system, right?

"Master, have you succeeded in raising your potential?"

At this time, Gina looked at Diping with hope and asked.

"Oh, let me have a look!"

Diping remembered that he hadn't seen it! I quickly opened the system to check my personal information. I was very happy when I saw it. Sure enough, the original blue B-level potential level was clearly replaced by a conspicuous purple A. This a looks like a dazzling sun, which is so exciting.

Turn off the system, feel the power, mention this terrible degree?

Sure enough, his feeling was right before. In his confusion, he felt as if something had been broken in his body, and his strength increased sharply. Before that, he had more than 8000 kg of strength, but now he has only 1100kg less strength, which has increased by nearly 3000 kg.

With dipin's current perception, he can clearly feel the powerful power contained in his body. Unexpectedly, there is a big difference between the A-level and the B-level.

He can feel that after his strength exceeds 10000 kg, he seems to have strengthened his body to a higher level, and his perception of strength and speed has been greatly improved.

He felt that with his present strength, he was fighting with his former self. As long as one punch could blow up his former self, the difference was too big.

"Well! It's a success

Dipin some excited looking at the nervous waiting for the results of Gina nodded.

"Ah! That's great... "

Gina jumped up in surprise, and then looked at di Pingjiao with disbelief on her face and said," can all this succeed? How lucky you are, master

"Ha ha!"

Di Ping laughed dryly. He was speechless. Should he not be lucky? No, I'm not going to hang up!

"Di ··· host potential is upgraded to A-level potential, 100 crystal coins are rewarded, and one scroll is put into the backpack. Please check it!"

At this time, there was a sound coming from the system in my mind. This sound was just like the sound of nature. I didn't expect to upgrade to A-level potential and this welfare. It's really good!

Although the system is sometimes out of tune, it's still generous when it comes to it! At this moment, the original heart of the system that bit of resentment also dissipated.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!