Chapter 164

When they saw Di Ping come out, everyone was excited and called for captain di. Di Ping laughed and nodded in response. Finally, he came to the center of the square and stepped onto the stage. The crowd on the stage immediately quieted down and looked at di Ping with the same eyes.

"I think you all know the reason why we want to move?"

Di Ping's eyes swept around, then suddenly said in a loud voice.

"We know it!"

The crowd at the bottom answered in unison.

"Well, I won't be talking nonsense here. I'll just make one request."

Di Ping put up his smile, looked at all the people with a heavy face, and said in a very serious voice: "this requirement is that today is no longer difficult. We hope everyone must insist on it. We must walk 15 kilometers today and arrive at the base before dark. Can we do this?"

"Fifteen kilometers, it's far away! It's still raining, isn't it

"Yes! It's hard to walk 15 kilometers at ordinary times, but it's more difficult now? "

"What should I do? Didn't listen to Di's saying that we had to arrive before dark?"

On hearing Di Ping's request, the crowd immediately made a lot of comments, and many people's faces showed hesitation.

"Well, listen to me!"

Di Ping frowned as he listened to the discussion below. He didn't expect that people were really weak now. There were so many people who felt that they couldn't finish it on a ten kilometer road. So he stopped the crowd and saw that everyone was quiet. Then he said, "next, you should remember why you must arrive before dark. I believe you also know how terrible it is outside at night, So in the process, we won't stop, we won't wait. If you can't keep up with the team, it will be very dangerous, so I don't want anyone to leave the team! "

As soon as di Ping's words fell to the ground, more and more voices were heard from below. Many people even yelled at him. He was so inhumane that he didn't even want to respond. He waved his hand and yelled, "go!"

Then Di Ping didn't see the reaction of the crowd at all. He stepped off the stage and went to the door.

Now is not the time to speak of the Lord and kindness, but not the mutant animals. They are waiting for every possible opportunity to take a bite of flesh and blood.

Dipin couldn't take most people's lives to accompany a few people's madness. He was willing to leave everything at will. He could not force everyone to follow his own path. Everyone recognized himself and everyone could appreciate himself. But he knew that his goodness could not be squandered by others.

Now there are seven or eight big cars in the passage. It seems that they were refitted all night. I didn't expect that these people were still very quick. They were all tied with food and covered with Raincloth. I don't know where these people got them.

After hearing the command of Di Ping, dozens of team members quickly opened the channel and blocked it. Di Ping went out first, and dozens of people immediately pushed the cart root. Then, the crowd slowly came from the square to the passage. Although many people were still talking about it, they could only keep up with the troops.

Di Ping stood at the door, some Leng God looking at the continuous rain, some complex mood, a burst of cold wind blowing, he even involuntarily played a shiver.

According to the law, at this point, the day should have been completely bright, but in this gloomy and terrible weather, it is very dark. Although the rain is not as big as before, it is still like pouring, clattering and endless, and the line of sight will not exceed 50 meters.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!