Chapter 166

Failed to get a response, some people even began to curse ferociously, as if all the resentment of the end of life is attributed to this moment.

Although these people scolded, few of them dared to come down from the stairs, but there were exceptions to everything. Actually, many brave people ran down the stairs with their teeth clenched and ran after the team.

"Captain Dee!"

Di Ping was walking carefully in front of him to see if there was any danger. Suddenly, he heard someone calling himself behind him. Looking back, he saw Lu Guoliang trotting towards him. Lu Guoliang, who was originally short-sighted, was running towards him. At this time, Lu Guoliang's glasses were full of water, so he could not wipe them quickly, so he had to hold his glasses in his hand.

"What's the matter?"

Looking at Lu Guoliang, who was panting in front of him, di Ping asked in a hurry.

He is most afraid of something wrong now, but Lu Guoliang's look doesn't seem to be something serious. Although he is in a hurry, he doesn't look flustered.

"No, nothing happened! It's just survivors joining us! "

Lu Guoliang helped the straw hat on his head, and then he put on his glasses and breathed to di Ping.

"Survivors?"

Di Ping stopped and looked at Lu Guoliang.

"Yes, survivors, I don't know how to avoid this disaster. Now we see our team, and there are more than ten people out!"

Lu Guoliang calmed down his breath and then said to di Ping.

"They're going with us?"

Di Ping did not expect that survivors would follow in the heavy rain.

"Yes! I told you to go to the base. These people want to take them! What about the captain? "

Lu highlights the main road, and then uses the tone of trying to ask Di Ping.

"Yes, tell them to keep up as long as you don't mess up!"

Di Ping touched the water on his face and decided to go. Then he turned around and walked forward. In just these two words, the rear troops had already come, and he had to step up to explore the way ahead.

"Good! I'll arrange it right away! "

Lu Guoliang nodded and then turned to the back.

In this way, Diping explored the way in front of him, and some people continued to join in the army behind. At nine o'clock, it took two hours to get to the loop line. After walking to the loop line, people could get less rain. Under the elevated line, people could get rid of the rain completely. Moreover, the lower part of the viaduct was wider. It was easier to walk than the street just now. I believe it should be faster.

"Take a five minute break and start!"

When the whole team got under the elevated line, everyone was happy and finally could escape from the rain. The rain was too heavy for everyone. Now it's much better. It's just that this section of the road doesn't have to suffer from it. And Diping stopped to command the team behind.

"Good! Finally, I can have a rest. I'm so tired! "

"Wring your body dry, or you'll catch cold!"

"I'm so tired, I have to sit down and rest!"

"You can't rest? It seems that the captain is still heartache for us

"Yes! Don't look cold, the head of the general team is very kind! "

"Well, you can say that the commander saved all our lives! That's what the gods can do

Everyone was happy when they heard Diping's order. Many people immediately sat down on the ground to have a rest, and some began to dry their clothes.

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang still have three captains. Without a rest, they all come to the front to meet with di Ping to see if there is anything to discuss.

"Brother Lu, how many people are joining in now?"

Di Ping saw several people come, while wringing the rain on his clothes, a pair of looking at Lu Guoliang asked.

"Commander in chief, up to now, 113 people have come up, including 93 men, 15 women and 5 children!"

Lu Guoliang hears Di Ping's questions, so he doesn't have to think about telling him the numbers.

After hearing this, di Ping looked a little gloomy. The survival of the old and the weak women and children in the last century was more difficult. Only 20 or so women and children could imagine the cruelty of the last world to the weak. Although he knew this clearly, what could he do?

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!