Chapter 167

"How do these people behave? Did you follow the arrangements? "

Di Ping'an put on the top of the dry water again with the emotion in his heart, and asked calmly.

"Well! It's OK. At present, it's quite stable. I'm very obedient to the arrangement. "

Lu Guoliang rubbed the water on his glasses and nodded.

"Well, take them as long as you can! If anyone makes trouble, he should be tough! "Di Ping nodded with a face and then his voice suddenly changed. He looked at several people and said in a deep voice.

"We understand!"

Several people nodded.

"Then go and prepare! Let's go now. There's no rain under the bridge. We have to speed up! Try not to let anyone fall behind

Di Ping thought about it and felt nothing more. Then he looked at the time and said to the people.

"OK, we'll arrange it right away!"

Several people answer together, then turn around and walk together.

"Go, go!"

Looking at several people walking away, di Ping waved his hand to the front of the motorcade.

"Come on, get up, the chief commander is calling for departure!"

At this time, as soon as the rest team members heard the order of Di Ping, they immediately stood up and passed the order to the people around them. Although many people felt tired and extremely tired, they had to get up one after another when they saw the people around them getting up.

Seeing that all the people were ready, Diping took the lead. Gina followed him closely and glanced at Gina. Diping had infinite resentment. He was drenched like a drowned rat, but Gina didn't have anything. His mage robe was still waterproof. The rain could not touch it, so it rolled down. It was really a good thing Some regret that they didn't choose master Xi as a profession.

The team started again, and the speed was obviously faster. The viaduct blocked the heavy rain above. Although the water under the bridge also overflowed to the foot neck, there was no rain on the top. It always felt more beautiful. It was like a person carrying a burden. Originally, he carried 200 kg, but now he has to reduce 100 kg. This person must be immediately happy and relaxed.

In less than an hour, the team has already traveled two or three kilometers. Under the ring road, it has to walk for six or seven kilometers. Now it is almost half way.

Di Ping looked at the sky on both sides of the still gloomy weather, the rain did not seem to stop. He was very happy. If he could finish the elevated line before 12 o'clock at this speed, he would be only five kilometers away from the base by then. How could he get there in the afternoon.

"Master!"

Diping, who was thinking while walking, was suddenly awakened by Gina's low voice and looked at Gina quickly!

"Mutant animals!"

There was no need for Gina to explain that when he looked up, he saw a group of mutant animals in front of the road not far away, which was only five or six hundred meters away from them. Obviously, these mutant animals also saw dipin and they immediately stood up.

"Ah! Mutant dog

At this time, the team members in the back also saw it and immediately started to scream.

"Shut up!"

Di Ping looked back at him and said, "although the team member's face is full of panic, but hearing Di Ping yelling, he immediately knew that he had made a mistake and quickly covered his mouth!

However, all the members in front of him heard his call. All of them looked up. When they saw a large group of mutant dogs, their faces suddenly changed. However, when they saw Diping standing in front of them, their faces became calm again and stopped moving forward.

They also pushed the car to stop, followed by the people behind, began to look ahead, do not know what happened ahead.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!