Chapter 170

Maybe it was the mutation dog incident that stimulated everyone and made the road faster. It was not like that the team members had been urging them to go faster.

Even before 11 o'clock, the road leading to the base is already in sight.

Di Ping was a little excited. After this journey, he was only five or six kilometers away. Although it was still raining heavily, he must be able to reach the base today.

"Di corps! Do you think it's going to rain after a rest? I think I'm very tired. I don't have food in the morning. Women and children can't stand it any more? "

Han Zhongguo catches up from behind, panting with di Ping.

"Well! Then take a ten minute break and let the team go down with some food! "

Di Ping looked back at the long line. The members of the cart were sweating. He also knew that they were very tired. There were some old people and children, so he nodded and agreed.

"Good! I'll arrange it right away! "

Han Zhong was so happy that he turned around and trotted away.

It's not surprising that Han Zhongguo is happy. This morning, he walked a lot of roads. A team of more than 1000 people dragged the old and brought the young, and they were still walking in the stagnant rain. It was quite good to walk more than ten kilometers in five hours!

What's more, up to now, no one has fallen behind, and no one has been injured or killed. This is totally inconsistent with the previous worries. It seems that the smooth progress is unimaginable.

He has been following the team, so it is most true to see, many people are desperate to adhere to, for fear of falling behind will be abandoned, so the physical strength to the limit is also afraid to stop, in the eyes of him is always a little uncomfortable.

The team stopped at the sign of Han Zhongguo. The team members in front of the cart were also tired. They pushed the cart all the time, and immediately sat down in the water with a rest!

After a while, Lu Guoliang and his three team leaders came to the front. Under the leadership of Han Zhongguo, he began to arrange the team members to open a cart to pick up some food and distribute them one by one. In fact, everyone was tired and hungry.

Now a look at the distribution of food, one by one happy, take over to open the package to eat, food is very miscellaneous, there are bread, ham, instant noodles, at this time, no one cares what you like to eat, eat what you give!

In fact, no one would like to fill their stomachs now. No matter what kind of food it is, who dares to choose from the East and the west before the end of the world?

Later, the newcomers even saw that there was food, and their eyes were green. They hid and did not dare to come out. If they had not eaten enough food, they did not dare to come down. They did not expect that they would have food. They were crazy. Then some of the food packages were too late to pull and bite them.

Seeing that many of the team members who divide food here feel too pitiful, but turning to think that they are not the same some days ago, if it was not for Di general team, they would not be as good as these people!

Maybe I've starved to death. I'll have the chance to pity others. I think it's better than these people to live without knowing, but it won't be like the reincarnation of starving ghosts.

Thinking of this, they walked more forcefully, and their chests were quite high. At the same time, they were more grateful to dipin.

Whatever is afraid of comparison, there will be harm if there is comparison. People's hearts are always hard to be balanced. No matter how good Di Ping is, there will always be some people who feel dissatisfied and feel that their previous life is not good.

Such emotions are not one or two, and there is a considerable market, some players also have such emotions.

And today's scene makes them understand how comfortable they are compared with these people. They have food and drink, and have a meal of meat to eat. How can they look for such a day?

So at this time, one by one in the heart of Di Ping filled with incomparable respect, more proud of being a member of the base.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!