Chapter 168

Di Ping stood still and looked ahead. It turned out that there were five or six mutant dogs lying in the middle of the green belt to escape the rain. There were several others wandering around the flower bed. The green belt was high and the ground was still wet. These mutant dogs would also find a place. They had been hiding in the rain. They saw that the team of people in Diping had stood up one after another, and their red eyes began to change more Bloodthirsty.

"I'll do it!"

Pipin stopped Gina, who was about to come forward. He wanted to try to use his present strength to understand how these mutant dogs were, and how to practice with them!

"Woof, woof..."

at this time, the mutant dog suddenly barks!

"Ah! Mutant dog

At this time, the rear team finally heard the barking of the dog, which became a riot. Who of these people didn't know the power of the mutant dog? When they heard the barking of the mutant dog, they immediately wanted to run!

"Don't move!"

At this time, the leading team members yelled in unison to stop the rioting people and arrange them to lead the team. They all went hunting with Diping. They all knew that dipin was powerful. These mutant dogs didn't need to be afraid at all. When they heard the barking, they were frightened instinctively. But they immediately reflected that what was di Corps afraid of?

Fortunately, each team had 34 or 30 people. The deterrent force of the ten people team was also. The crowd that was about to collapse was calmed down again. All the people looked forward with panic on their faces. It was only too far away that only the front teams could see and see the latest scenes.

"Wang Wang..."

more than a dozen mutant dogs began to rush to this side, the huge body of terror, as if a group of fierce tigers rushed to the crowd, running quickly with water splashing, such as a galloping horse, surging momentum, a strong momentum came, many people's faces turned pale, can not help but retreat.

"Boom..."

looking at the running mutant dogs, dipin's face did not change, but his feet pounded the ground fiercely. With a sound of water spray scattered, it seemed that a strong air current exploded, and the water waves rushed around wildly, and his body shape was like a cannon ball, like a tyrannosaurus rushing towards these mutant dogs.

"Sword!"

The speed of the mutant dog is very fast. The distance of several hundred meters is shortened in an instant, and dipin's speed is not slow. For example, a rhinoceros is running at a speed that normal people can't understand. In the middle of the road, Diping suddenly appears in his hand with a sword.

"Poof..."

"ouch..."

a man and a group of mutant dogs finally met. Diping held the knife in both hands, and the black light was drawn from the black sword. Countless sword shadows formed a curtain in the air. Only when a person and a group of mutant dogs separated again, everyone was stunned.

The ground was full of variation dogs. At this time, there were more than ten mutant dogs in this group. Only six of them were still standing on the outside, while the other seven or eight were all lying in the water. The bright red blood quickly dyed the water red.

"Ouch..."

when dipin turned around, the six mutant dogs seemed to react. Immediately, their eyes were red and they looked at dipin, revealing their fierce tusks and growling fiercely.

"Collision!"

Di Ping suddenly horizontal knife in hand, a drink, and then his feet on the ground fiercely, the whole body Qi and strength is vertical and horizontal, muscles and bones is a buzzing loud sound, and his body seems to be driven by a strong force, like lightning like cutting through the space, a flash.

"Poof..."

"ouch..."

when dipin's body appeared behind the mutant dog again, a two water wave like an airship rowing across the sea just shot up, dashed out more than ten meters high, and then plummeted like a waterfall, which shows how fast dipin is.

When the water wave fell, the six original standing mutant dogs fell to the ground. None of them was complete, but all of them were broken in two. Only at this time, the blood seemed to react. It was like a fountain, and suddenly a blood lake was formed on the ground.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!