Chapter 169

Di Ping turned around calmly, shaking his sword and humming, as if shaking off the blood on the blade.

In fact, there is no blood on the Wujin sword, but it is wusen smooth.

Di Ping's face was calm, but in fact, he was not calm at this time. He just wanted to try how to attack with a knife under the impact. The result was unexpected. It was too fast for him to react. The six mutant dogs did not even have a different reaction time, which was much faster than their own simple knife wielding speed.

At this time, he felt that the warrior was no worse than the mage. Once his strength increased, his killing power was amazing. In a few seconds, more than a dozen mutant dogs were cleaned up by himself. If Gina was short, it would take half a minute, and these mutant dogs should be concentrated.

"Ouch... The commander-in-chief is mighty!"

More than a dozen players in front of them were stupefied. It took more than ten seconds for them to react. They all cried out with excitement. Their eyes were full of fanaticism.

"What's the matter! What's the matter? "

After hearing the cheers in front of them, they couldn't figure out what was going on. One by one they were even more frightened. Only 300 militiamen looked at them with weapons in their hands, so that they did not dare to move.

"Yes, listen to them calling the commander-in-chief majestic!"

"I listen, too. Who knows what's going on?"

"I know it there!"

The people at the back talked about it in succession. For a moment, they didn't know what was going on in front of them.

"All right

Di Ping waved to the team members not to roar. They woke up from excitement and understood the danger in the wild. They just yelled because they were too excited.

"Di corps?"

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang then ran to the front from behind. When they saw blood on the ground and more than a dozen giant mutant dog corpses lying in the water, their faces changed greatly.

"It's all right. You go back to pacify the masses. We'll set out at once."

Di Ping calmly smiles and waves to indicate that they have nothing to do, and orders them to go back to comfort them.

"Oh

They did not understand what was going on, but after listening to di Ping's words, they turned back to the team with doubts. However, their eyes glanced at more than a dozen mutant corpses on the blood stained lake, and their faces were more frightened.

"Zina!"

Di Ping motioned to Gina for a moment, and then walked forward himself, slashed the head of a mutant dog with a knife, and took out a crystal nucleus, and Gina also went to help as soon as possible, and soon the nucleus collection was completed.

"Come on, take these mutant dogs with you!"

Di Ping said with a wave to the front dozens of wheelbarrows.

"Boom..."

dozens of team members rushed up with a roar of joy on their faces. They didn't mean to be afraid or disliked at all. They began to play with the mutant dog meat on the ground.

They all went out to pick up the mutant dog meat. Five minutes later, more than a dozen of them were packed and put on the cart.

The team set off again, and the people behind gradually heard the feedback from the front.

One by one, they know what's going on. Actually, there are more than a dozen mutant dogs appearing. What's more, they are said to be killed by Di Corps in a few seconds.

At first, many people didn't believe it, especially the more than 100 people who had just been added to the road. They wanted to run as soon as they heard the roar of the mutant dog. However, the muzzle of the gun in the hands of more than a dozen team members in the back was facing them in a dark hole. These people did not dare to run.

They have already drenched the dog meat that these team members scolded in their hearts, but when they heard that the mutant dog was killed, they also killed more than ten dogs in a few seconds.

How could they believe it? But when they passed the place where the mutant dog had just fallen down, they saw that the water was red with blood, and there were still a lot of internal organs of mutant dogs and many fierce and ferocious variation dog heads on the roadside.

This makes them have to believe that what these people say is true, there are people in the world who can kill mutant dogs.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!