Chapter 162

"Barton, how is the rain at home? Will the base overflow?"

Dipin thought and asked.

"Master, I just checked it when I fell asleep. No problem. The castle has a perfect drainage system. It won't water in at all?"

Barton heard that it was Diping's voice. He did not dream. He quickly put on his coat and got out of bed. He bowed respectfully.

"OK, so tomorrow I will arrange people to move to the base. You will arrange buggy to guard the house, and then let Owen and Mok meet me!"

Di Ping was dumbfounded. Thinking about it, if such a powerful system was flooded, it would be an international joke. Therefore, he did not talk nonsense and talked about his own arrangement.

"Good master, I'll arrange it now!"

Barton was more simple. He didn't ask why dipin did this at all. He just responded respectfully.

"By the way, there are more than 1000 people here. You and Cheng Chao talk to each other and do a good job in receiving them. The food and accommodation of these people are all problems. What should you do after discussion?"

Dipin thought for a moment and then said.

"Good master, I'll communicate with Mr. Cheng as soon as possible!"

Barton stopped to turn his body and listened to dipin saying nothing. After waiting for a few seconds, he asked again, "what else can I do for you?"

"No, you can arrange it."

Deepin thought for a moment and thought that he had nothing to say, so he let Barton leave, and he shut down the system himself.

At this time, the voices outside began to make a noise. Diping knew that it was the people in the base who had already known that they were going to move. Listening to the rising noise and the crying of children, Diping chose to be silent. He didn't want to make such a decision, but if he didn't migrate in the rain, he was really afraid that these people could go to the base safely.

The system will not deceive itself. Once the rain stops, the world outside will be more dangerous when biological evolution explodes. What's the difference between so many people walking on the road and shouting with loudspeakers? The cruelty now is for more people to survive.

"Di ···· degree of completion reward task, task content: complete the migration and ensure the safety of personnel, more than 80% is regarded as the completion of the task, less than 80% is regarded as failure, failure deducting 500 crystal coins, the less casualties, the higher the task reward! Does the host accept it? "

Just as di sighed and was ready to get up and go back to his room, the system sounded again in his mind. He was stunned when he heard the content. He didn't expect that the system would release a task to himself, and the reward content of the task was still unknown. The most important thing was to deduct 500 crystal coins. Now all the crystal coins are only 131, which is not enough He's a little tangled about whether to take up the task.

"Damn it, if you fight for wealth and wealth, you'll have to move anyway. The purpose is to ensure more people's safety. This is consistent with your own idea. This does not conflict with the task. As for the completion of the task, you have to work hard on your own!"

After biting his teeth, di Ping decided to take the next step. Although he didn't know what the task reward was, he had to deduct 500 crystal coins for failure. The reward would not be less. Now he only got too few crystal nuclei by killing mutant animals. Isn't it a waste if he didn't do a task?

"System, I take this task!"

A few words burst out of Diping's teeth. This time, he didn't say it in his heart, but one word at a time from his mouth. How determined he was.

"Di ··· task is completed!"

As soon as the voice has finished, the system beeps again to confirm that the task has been received.

When Di Ping heard that the task had been accepted, he put down his mind and thoughts. He had to adjust his preparation. He had to take advantage of the time difference to have a good rest. Who knows what will happen tomorrow, he has to ensure the best mental state.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!