Chapter 165

Di Pingchang breathed out a breath and took a straw hat from Han Zhongguo. He dived into the rain. The rain accumulated in the square was very deep and reached the knee position. Every step was very hard.

Gina was close behind him, covered in a mage's robe, and was also rushing into the rain.

After that, a group of people pushed the cart into the rain, and then a group of people led by the militia went into the rain. As soon as it rained, everyone was shivering. Although they tried their best to put rain proof things on their bodies, the rain was too heavy, and umbrellas couldn't play a very important role.

"Di corps, this rain is too heavy!"

Han Zhongguo rushed into the rain field after Di Ping, and was poured by the rain 0166. His straw hat was completely useless. The rain immediately drenched his body, and the cold rain froze him. He couldn't stand the heavy rain. He ran two steps to catch up with di Ping and cried out.

"Now you can only move forward and not retreat. You can go back and hold down the formation. You can't let the team go wrong!"

Di Ping touched the rain on his face, looked at Han Zhongguo and said aloud.

"All right."

Han Zhongguo is very helpless to know that di Ping is telling the truth, so he does not talk nonsense and turns to the troops behind him.

"Come on! Everybody keep up! Don't make any noise

Han Zhongguo stood in the rain, watching everyone has become a drowned in water like team, quietly commanding.

After a while, a group of more than 1000 people walked out of the underground shopping mall and rushed into the rain. Many children were excited by the cold water and immediately began to cry. However, they were immediately covered by adults and made a whimper. Everyone knew the danger outside and tried not to make a sound.

Di Ping led the way in front of him. It rained all night, and the road was covered with deep water. Most of the places were covered with water, which was 5.6CM deep. The deep place could reach the leg position, which made it very difficult to walk. The whole team walked very slowly. The departure was a quarter past six, much earlier than the original seven o'clock.

However, it took less than two kilometers to walk in 7:45 minutes. Fortunately, there was no mutant animal on the road during the heavy rain. This speed was relatively fast, and there was no need to avoid the mutant animals all the time.

This is the so-called best new district. It rained all night and accumulated a lot of water. Otherwise, the team could go faster. Fortunately, the old and the weak accounted for a small proportion. They could escape the encirclement of the mutant crocodile and a large number of mutant animals. All of them were young people who ran fast. Most of them were old, weak, sick and disabled. Therefore, the proportion of young people in this team was large, otherwise more than 1000 people Can a militia of 300 young people be formed?

In the whole team, there are less than 30 children, more than 200 women, and more than 20 elderly people. The rest are basically 14.5-year-old children or middle-aged people over 45 years old, so the speed of the team is not too slow.

The rain kept falling, and all the people were walking with water, head bowed and silent following in the army. Every step was very difficult. It took less than an hour to walk. Many old people were panting and some couldn't keep up with each other. If there were no militia members nearby, these old people might have been left behind.

Although everyone is very tired, we all know that before Di Corps said that there is no one to wait for when they are out of line, so everyone is gripping their teeth to keep up with each other, for fear that they will become the one who is left behind. There is no doubt that this is the reason why everyone is very strong and no one is tired.

The whole team quietly walk in the middle of the road, slow in the heavy rain, no one to speak, no noise, just quietly hard to move forward.

At this time, the street has completely lost its former prosperity. The grass and trees on both sides have occupied most of the road surface. The width of the central road is less than three or four meters. Four members of the team support each other in a row. The team is fully opened for two or three hundred meters. All of them dare not speak. Even the sound of running water is covered by the sound of rain, just like a ghost team advancing in the rain.

At this time, di Ping didn't know that many people were watching the team through the window glass from each building. These people didn't know how to hide. They were not found by the mutant animals. Although they were all yellow and thin, they were still alive.

They were looking at this strange team through the window. There was surprise and excitement in their eyes. There was a little bit of excitement in their eyes. Some people waved to this side in a hurry. It was just that the rain was too heavy. The sound of rain covered all the voices. No one looked up. Even dipin's eyes swept around from time to time to look up.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!