Chapter 161

"Everyone's road is their own choice, everyone's life is decided by themselves, we are not whose Babysitter..."

Diping knocked the teacup on the table heavily, his eyes fixed on the teacup in his hand, and his expression was indifferent. All the people were shocked. They seemed to understand the meaning of Diping's words, but none of them spoke. Only Diping raised his head and his eyes flashed with cold light“ We can't make everyone agree with us. We are not the Savior. We can save all the people, At the same time, some of them don't want to make peace with others. At the same time, some of them don't want to make peace with others This is not only appreciated by others, but also gives rise to resentment. This is the human nature of the world. Although Di Ping is somewhat explicit, it is also true.

"Any other questions?"

Di Ping knows what effect this sentence will have. It will certainly shock these people. Some people agree with it and some people oppose it. But he has to say that if you really want to have everything, you don't have to do anything. Now time is life. Who has time to explain it to you slowly. This is the reason why heavy allusions should be used in troubled times.

"Di corps, I agree! As the old saying goes, "if you can't cure a man who wants to die!"

At this time, Han Zhongguo suddenly stood up and said in a loud voice. His face was determined, as if he had made a great determination. A trace of pain flashed in his eyes.

Di Ping raised his eyes to Han Zhongguo. He didn't expect that this person, who was sure to oppose him, was the first to stand up and express his support. This surprised him.

But when he saw the determination and pain in his eyes, he also understood that Han Zhongguo, who was in a high position, must also be a smart person. Although he is a straightforward person and has his own persistence, he is not a confused person. What is the situation now? He has time to be a mother-in-law.

"I agree. Be tough if you want to be tough!"

Lu Guogao also stood up and said in a deep voice.

"We agree too!"

At this time, the three captains also stood up, looked at di Ping and said.

Di Ping nodded. He thought that one or two people would oppose it. Now it seems that they are not stupid people. Everyone agrees with him. He immediately decides to say:

"OK! It's two o'clock in the night. We don't have much time. We have to start in the morning. We can't spend the night outside. We have to get to the base. So there's not much time. You'll have to make arrangements and do a good job of interpretation, so that everyone can understand that it's the best! "

He doesn't understand the meaning of his words and will not explain it to you. He is willing to leave and stay at will.

"OK, we'll arrange it right away!"

Several people of Han Zhongguo responded in unison.

"Take all the food you can bring! There are not enough cars to build. There is not much time. We should start at 7 o'clock at the latest! "

Di Ping looked at a few people and then emphatically charged a few words, which made people leave.

"Good! We understand! "

Several people know that time is tight, and they don't stay much. They turn around and walk out quickly.

Dipin sat in the sand again for a long time, then suddenly turned on the system and called Barton.

"Master..."

Barton had already fallen asleep, but was called out by Diping. A spirit of excitement sat up from the bed and looked at the empty place respectfully.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!