Chapter 163

"Master! I hear that it is said that all the people here will migrate to our base early tomorrow morning. Is that right? "

As soon as di Ping entered her room, Gina stood behind the door, listening to something. When she saw Diping come in, she first blushed, then a pair of big blue eyes looked at dipin and asked.

"Yes, after the heavy rain stops, everything will recover, and a large number of mutated organisms will wake up. If they migrate again at that time, the danger in the wild will be too great. I can't guarantee the safety of these people!"

After listening to Gina's question, Diping closed the door gently, looked a little heavy, walked to the sofa and sat down, half leaning on some tired whispers. His voice was full of helplessness, as if relying on it could make his heart less stressed.

"I see, master!"

Gina nodded to show that he was completely obedient to dipin, so she would not have any opinions on her decision. He just got up after listening to the noise outside just now to see what was going on.

"Gina, take more rest. There may be a big war tomorrow!"

Di Ping leaned on the sofa, closed his eyes and whispered.

"Good master

Without any nonsense, Gina went back to the bed, crossed her legs, sat on the bed, closed her eyes and began to breathe. The room was quiet for a moment. The noise outside was even louder. Di Ping frowned, but he still did not get up. Now there are Han Zhongguo, Lu Guoliang, and three captains outside. If these things can't be done well, you don't have to do them.

Diping fell asleep. Although there was a lot of noise outside, he couldn't stop his drowsiness. Just after he fell asleep for a while, there was a sound of disorderly footsteps outside the door. Diping immediately woke up and opened his eyes. Sure enough, there was a knock outside the door.

"Gina! Open the door

Di Ping rubbed his face. Seeing that it was already more than six o'clock, he knew that it must be Han Zhongguo. He quickly stood up. Gina also opened her eyes, jumped out of bed, and quickly stepped forward to open the door.

Open the door, there are only Han Zhongguo and Xu Sheng outside. The other people are not there. Han Zhongguo nods to Gina and quickly walks into the room.

"Di corps, all the people in the base have assembled, you can start at any time!"

Han Zhongguo gasped for breath and looked at Diping. Di Ping looked up at him and saw that his head was sweating. The clothes on his body were almost dry. It was obvious that all of them were wet. His shoes and trousers were full of wet dew. He knew that he had been busy all night.

"Hard work, is the process going well?"

Di Ping looks at two people to smile to nod to ask a way.

"It's better than what we imagined. At the beginning, many people didn't understand it. After we explained it, most people could understand it, and very few people could make it! At present, Minister Lu is still working on pacification, and the problem is not too big. "

Han Zhongguo wiped the sweat on his face and said in a rough voice.

"Good! That's good. By the way, has the rain stopped? "

Di Ping is also a long breath, he is not willing to use strong means, after all, are his compatriots, fortunately, most people are still rational, then he seems to think of something, looking at Han Zhongguo asked.

"Now that's the problem. Although the rain doesn't stop, it's a little smaller than yesterday. It's still heavy rain. I'm afraid there's something wrong with walking like this?"

Han Zhongguo is a little helpless.

"There's no way. You have to go? You have to go even with a knife! "

Di Ping also knew that there would be many difficulties in such a heavy rain Road, but now he could not choose, so he could only say with heart.

"Let's go!"

Di Ping didn't wait for Han Zhongguo to speak. He waved his hand and walked out of the room. Gina and Xu Sheng followed him.

As soon as he opened the door, the noise became more and more serious. When he came to the square, he found that all the people were gathered here. It seemed that they were divided into teams, each of which had 40 or 50 people. There was also a group of militia leading the team. Although it was a bit chaotic, it still showed that there was order in the whole.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!