Chapter 178

It took a lot of time to arrange a group to enter the base. It was not until about 10:00 that the party could be counted as going out again, so all the people were in a hurry all the way.

Who knows the more urgent, the more mistakes, walk too fast, did not pay attention to the rain in the field of leisurely grazing variation Buffalo, the results can not avoid, was found by the buffalo.

Now the variation of animals one by one very aggressive, see the human moo immediately rushed over, it seems to see the enemy!

Owen and Mok didn't take it seriously. As a result, it was only after the first world war that they knew that the guy in their hands could not break the defense. Now they had no idea. Although Owen was a potential hero of S-level, he was not high-level, and his weapons were not good. He could not hurt the mutant cattle, but could only fight with the mutant cattle.

They were chased and beaten by Buffalo. Li Sheng and Li Sheng couldn't help. They had to go back and watch Owen and Mok fight with the mutant cow.

However, this hard encounter is not an opponent. The strength is not changed at all. As a result, the buffalo can only be injured. After a fight, the armor of the two men is also deformed, and Owen's sword is bent.

If it had not been for Mok's holy duty that he had been treating Owen's injuries, Owen would have been unable to withstand it. Fortunately, at this time, dipin came.

Knowing this situation, di Ping is helpless. Now he only has a black gold sword in his hand. All the heroes he recruited are still naked. This time he comes back to the base, he must build up the market and workshop. Otherwise, these heroes will not be able to play their own skills, which will be a waste of resources.

More than ten minutes later, with the help of Owen and Mok, the mutant cattle peeled the meat and cut it into pieces and moved it to the empty cart where the food had been distributed. These people did not care about the rain. They were excited to carry meat in the rain field, for fear that they would move less.

I finally got all the meat in the car, boy! The pressure of the car is about to deform. More than ten people pushed the car together. Fortunately, it was solid at the beginning, or it could not bear it.

They went on the road again. They didn't know whether the heavy rain was still the terrible power of the mutant cattle. In addition to the continuous rain, the road was calm. After three hours, they finally arrived at the gate of the base.

When Di Ping came back, he found that the community had changed. The original two electronic doors were removed and re welded with steel. A steel gate with a span of more than 10 meters and a height of 5 meters was built. The door was still covered with iron sheet, and the internal situation was not clear.

And the original residential area used to decorate the tall arched gatehouse was used up, into a city gate tower, above you can see two team members are stretching their heads to this side.

This is a villa community security done better, the surrounding walls are five meters high, all are made of green brick, the thickness is also up to 20 centimeters, the wall is surrounded by iron thorn net, ordinary people are difficult to turn over the past.

Even some mutant animals can't jump in. Now the whole community has been transformed into a fortress. Diping looks at it and nods secretly. Usually, he doesn't notice these things in the system. He didn't expect such changes.

It seems that I have been away for a few days, and the people in the base are not idle, but they have done a lot of work.

Diping's troops had just approached, and the gate was creaking and opening slowly. A group of people appeared, but these people had already rushed out from inside before the gate was fully opened.

At a glance, di Ping saw that there were Cheng Chao, Yu Shujie, Lao Luo, Ning Nan, Ye Lu and Liu Bingyu in front of them. All of them were excited and rushed out of the gate in a hurry. Although it was raining heavily outside, these people still ran towards this side.

When they saw Di Ping in front of him, several people cheered, especially Yu Shujie, like a white swan flapping its wings, plunged into di Ping's arms, held him tightly, and refused to let go. Her shoulders trembled and sobbed in her ears.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!