Chapter 173

The front warfighters gathered together and rushed forward. They saw dipine rush out and wanted to go closer. They could see what kind of monster they were, and they could see it soon.

"Who are those people, as if the di Corps knew?"

"Well! I think you should know. You don't see the di team talking to them! "

"You see they're running this way?"

"How do they know the dipine team, from there?"

"I think it might be the one in the base of Di!"

Seeing Li Sheng, these players talked about it. Although every time they heard the voice of the mutant beast roaring, one of the two bodies shook and their faces were white, their looks were still firm, and they were still idle about the origin of Li Sheng.

Because they believe that dipine will always protect them. If the dipine team can't, they can't run, and they are better off and fight hard. These people are fighting high by Deping, and they start to refine their spirit of fearlessness.

These are not known by Deping. The last battle with the queen of mutation, the third team of personnel killed and guarded Dibin. These people broke out a fearless spirit, and these people returned and passed it on.

Now all the players blindly believe in dipine, and have a kind of fierce and fearless fighting will. If this is an army, the military heart of the army is available. He has a cohesive force and a strong team will, and he is the core of the team.

Watching Li Sheng run back with the team, dipine just came back, ready to go up to support Owen and Moke, who were fighting with the mutant, who had not met before.

"Boom...". "

at this time, another violent collision sound sounded in front of the sound, a strong air flow rolled over like a gale, the weeds around were all overwhelmed to one side, then Diping saw a shadow flying over the grass, bang a sound on the ground in front of him, splashing a large amount of water.

"Owen!" "

at this time, a scream rang, and another shadow of man quickly crossed the grass and ran to the shadow of the ground and pulled him up.

Dipine stood not far away, and he heard the shouting that Owen had just flown out and landed on the ground, and that the one who pulled him should be Mok.

When the two stood up, dipine looked at them, and only Owen was a Western European.

The skin is short brown red and white, with a sharp knife and axe, a firm face, a standard warrior dress, wearing iron armor and holding a broad sword. It is strong and strong, with a strong body and a strong back and a bee waist. It shows outstanding martial arts.

But this equipment is obviously not good goods, the armor has been seriously deformed, and the broad sword is also bent in a good way, but still in hand, eyes sharp looking forward.

Again, Moke is also the image of Europe with white skin, dark brown short hair, thick eyebrows, big eyes, wide nose and mouth, a face of martial spirit, tall and tall, but very uniform. He is wearing a silver breasted silver armor and a small square mallet. It is like the knight in western Europe in the middle ancient times. The silver armor is also seriously changed, and many places are all cracked.

The two people stood together to see that Diping had some heart and soul. The two goods were really handsome. They complained about the system secretly. Women made some beautiful ones. How to get male heroes one by one was handsome, which was not to compare their master.

"Moo...". "

just before he thought more, a loud roar rang again, woke him up, while Owen and Moke stepped back a few steps, and their eyes were still fixed on the grass. Both of them raised their weapons, and they did not find deeping not far behind them.

"Bang...". "

a sound sounds like the footsteps of a heavy hammer hitting the ground. Every ground vibrates. The water surface is ripping around the water pattern, which seems to be a lot smaller even if the rain is once.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!