Chapter 177

"Owen, Mok, see the master!"

Owen and Mok came to di Ping's body, and they knelt on one knee in the water, bowed their heads and saluted in unison.

"Owen, Mok, get up, you two are working hard!"

Di Ping hurried forward, smiling and supporting them.

"Be loyal to your master!"

The two people who just stood up were excited to kneel down at the words of Di Ping, but they were held by Di Ping.

"How about the injury? Is it serious?"

Di Ping looked at two people concerned and asked.

"Thank you for your concern. The minor injury is not serious!"

Two people face grateful way.

"Good!"

Di Ping looked at them more and more like them. Although both of them were taller and more handsome than themselves, who let themselves be their master?

This can be his most loyal team, is the strength of his foothold in the last world, how can he not like, not to envy.

"Dicko! At this time, Li Sheng and the fat man trotted over, followed by a group of people, all eyes full of excitement and eagerness, and called out.

"Brothers, it's hard work!"

Di Ping looked at a group of people, smiling and nodding.

"No hard work!"

More than a dozen people yelled in unison, extremely fanatical eyes, looking at dipin a little bit unbearable. He now feels that those famous stars can be calm in the face of thousands of fans, which also requires a strong psychological quality.

"Di Corps... Di Corps......"

at this time, a group of players from the shopping mall rushed to see the front. Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang were running in front of them. They saw this scene just now, and they were shocked. They were shocked that such a terrible monster could not walk in front of Di plane.

When they saw Li Sheng and them running over, they reacted and came running after them.

"Good!"

Di Ping said hello to the crowd with a smile, then looked at Han Zhongguo and said, "brother Han, these people are all from my base. Now time is tight, I will not introduce them one by one. When we get to the base, we will introduce them to you." he started pointing to the giant mutant cattle on the ground, and said with a smile, "now let's deal with this cow and pull it down. This big one is enough for us to eat It's been a few days! "

"Good! I understand the di Corps. I'll do it right away. It's a big size. It looks like it weighs two or three tons. Ha ha, it's a blessing in the mouth again

Han Zhongguo listened to di Ping's words, and then he nodded to Li Sheng and the fat man with a smile. Then he looked at the cattle on the ground and said with a smile.

Lu Guoliang and the three captains also nodded to Li Sheng fat man one by one, and Li Sheng responded with a smile. Later, under the leadership of Han Zhongguo, the three captains also went to the battle to deal with the mutated beef.

The faces of the team members were all covered with smiles, and some of them drooled directly. It was just that the cattle hide was too hard that their knives could not be moved. It was Diping who handed Owen the Wujin sword to help separate the bull. However, di Ping and Li Sheng talked about the situation of the base.

Last night, Barton found Cheng Chao. They talked about the contents of Diping's order. After a discussion, they arranged for Li Sheng and fat man to take ten people to accompany Owen and Mok out. They did not know the way. Without Li Sheng, they did not know how to go.

They went out at seven o'clock in the morning, only to meet a group of people, more than 300 people, not far from the water area.

These people also came from the city together. I don't know how they knew there was a base here. They gathered together to get to the base when it rained.

Li Sheng didn't know what to do when he was in such a situation. Finally, he felt that he could not ignore these people, so he sent them to the base and handed them over to Cheng Chao to settle down, and then he came out again www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!