Chapter 179

Di Ping was stunned at that time. He was confused by the current situation. He did not expect that Yu Shujie would be so enthusiastic. He threw himself in his arms when he met without saying a word. He was at a loss for a moment. He didn't remember when he was so close to Yu Shujie?

"Ouao..."

"the commander in chief is powerful!"

"kiss one, kiss one..."

the team members behind saw a beautiful woman rushing into dipin's arms and immediately cried out.

As soon as Yu Shujie threw herself into di Ping's arms, she thought that she was not di Ping. When she fell into di Ping's arms, she was also seen by many people. How to be a person in the future, she immediately turned red and pushed aside Di Ping to cover her face and ran back.

Straight through the crowd and re run into the castle, the rain drenched T-shirt is close to the back, but also shows the black silk on the back, which is very eye-catching.

Running into the castle, Yu Shujie only felt her blushing and burning. Now she was also confused. She didn't think she would be so impulsive. When she saw Di Ping at the first sight, she couldn't help rushing up. At that time, she had no other thoughts in her mind, only wanted to hold the man who worried him.

She has never been such a bold and unrestrained woman. At that time, she was the first talented woman and school flower in the University. It can be said that she was the dream lover of all the boys in the University. Her popularity was no less than that of some famous stars. At that time, the boys who chased him could be ranked outside the 18th ring road of Kyoto from the University.

Yu Shujie is not only beautiful and talented, but also has a good personality. She is gentle and water like. She always has a charming smile on her beautiful face. She is kind-hearted when she talks to anyone. It can be said that she is in line with the characteristics of all good wives and good mothers.

But it is because of this, there are countless men in the school to form a team of flower protectors, to prevent those who have bad feelings. So many men love her, but few dare to express their love.

At that time, she was helpless. She was also a girl, and she was also in love. She also hoped to be chased and loved by others as well as other girls. She could hold hands and have love on the campus path.

Until one day, a brave boy broke into his life, the boy not only dare to confess, but also under the pressure of being beaten several times, still foolishly ran to her dormitory downstairs waiting for her every day.

When she saw a strong boy with a wound on his face but a warm smile on his face, she was moved and accepted the boy's confession.

She is a single-minded person, from then on, she is the boy to come together, like other lovers, out of double into the pair, like all the lovers of the magnificent love, although all men in the school regret, but also helpless, the flower was picked.

She thought that she would only love this boy in her whole life. After graduating from University, she gave up all the good opportunities in Kyoto and chose to go back to his hometown to work with the boy. They had a good relationship and worked hard together. Three years later, they succeeded. The man not only had his own company income of tens of millions, but she also entered a large enterprise and became an executive. The two felt that the time was right They got married and had a lovely child a year later. She felt that her life was very happy. She had a husband who loved her and a lovely daughter.

But everything changed on that day. One day she went home to pick up things. She opened the door and saw her husband and a woman sleeping in her bed. At that moment, she collapsed. She felt that her world had collapsed, and the sky was gray and colorless.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!