Chapter 176

Looking at the mutant buffalo lying in the pool of blood, di Ping breathed a sigh of relief. He was afraid that the black gold sword could not break the hard cortex of the mutant Buffalo, so he also used the talent of flame enhancement.

Fortunately, Wujin's sword didn't disappoint him, so he cut off half of the neck of the mutant cow with one knife. Although I met the thick cattle hide of wild buffalo when I just cut it, I still let myself cut it with all my strength.

After throwing the sword, the flame on the blade disappeared. The blade was still nourishing under the rain and looming in the fog. He walked up to the corpse of the mutant cow.

At this time, the trembling body of the mutant buffalo finally stopped. A cloud of dark green energy the size of an adult fist floated from the corpse of the mutant Buffalo, and then seemed to find the direction and swished into dipin's body.

"Di... Get 60 soul energy and store it in the system!"

"Di... Get the blood of the d-level strong, and store it in the backpack. Please check it with the host!"

The system prompt sounded in di Ping's mind.

Hearing the content, di Ping was overjoyed. He harvested 60 energy points in one fell swoop, and 127 points were obtained by killing mutant dogs before. However, he didn't care at that time. Adding 187 points to the mutant cattle, his total soul energy reached 1676, and the biggest harvest this time was to get a d-level strong blood, which can be said to be a rich harvest.

"Ah! Di won, and the mutant Buffalo has been killed

"Ah! Win! Win

At this time, the crowd behind burst out a cry of alarm, many members of the team cried excitedly, the news is like the wind to the back, all of them are excited, the original heart also put down.

"Shit, shit! Is Diego a super Asian now

The fat man's eyes were staring out, and his mouth was even more startled. Judging from his drooling appearance, if dipin was in front of him, he might be able to rush up and chew.

"Diego is so powerful!"

Some of the players they brought out also looked frightened and murmured.

Even Li Sheng also looked at his eyes, and Dicko was more and more powerful. It seemed that Diping was like the reincarnation of the God of war in his eyes at the moment.

The players in the underground shopping mall who stood beside them and watched the battle together were even worse than them. Their eyes were full of fanaticism. Even if Diping asked them to chop down the gods and Buddhas, they would dare to rush up with their swords.

Owen and Mok are also a long sigh of relief. At the same time, their eyes are shocked. They were worried about the safety of their master. Now they are shocked to see that dipin has cut the mutant cow with one knife. They did not expect that the master's strength has been so strong.

In particular, as an S-level potential hero, Owen has always had his own pride. Although he has become a follower, he certainly hopes that the loyal master will be stronger, so as to be worthy of his S-level potential following loyalty.

A kind of respect from the heart slowly emerged in the bottom of two people's hearts, which was not imposed, but from the heart of respect for the strong.

Di Ping didn't know about it. He was chopping the head of the mutant cow with a knife. He wanted to take out the crystal nucleus first. When he went down this knife, he knew that he had been careful. He didn't need the flame to strengthen his talent. The mutant cowhide was really hard to cut. There were only a few white marks on the blade.

Di Ping had to increase his strength and even cut five or six knives to break his head completely. The bones of the ox head were terrible. Fortunately, what he had just cut was the neck. If he had used his skills, he would not have cut his head.

A jade fat crystal core about the size of a bunting egg appeared in Diping's hand. The jade was white and tender, and felt smooth. There was also a luster flashing through it from time to time. It was really unforgettable. The crystal nucleus disappeared in Diping's hand and appeared in his backpack.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!