Chapter 172

"Ah! It's really Dicko... "

when they saw Di Ping running towards them, all the players screamed and their faces showed ecstasy.

"Where's Diego?"

The fat man running at the back was blocked by the people in front of him, and he couldn't see Di Ping for a moment. But when he heard his teammates shouting about Diego, he was also in a hurry.

After drinking Li Sheng, di Ping immediately ran forward. The speed was as fast as a horse. He stepped on the water and aroused a lot of water spray.

seeing that Li Sheng and their bodies were in a mess, he was sure that some of them had met the mutant beast, otherwise they would not have run in such a panic. So he accelerated his speed and made a white line behind him as fast as a boat, which made a white line behind him He ran over.

"What's wrong with Li Sheng? Why are you the only ones coming out?"

Di Ping rushes to Li Sheng like a thunderbolt, and a group of people only react at this time. They are all surprised by the speed of Diping.

"Ah! What a dick

At this time, the fat man ran up with a full body of fat meat. At this time, he saw Di Ping and immediately exclaimed. Then he pushed aside the crowd and threw his arms around him: "Diego! I want to die There was a cry in his voice.

"Come on, fat man, let's go. What's wrong with Li Sheng?"

Di Ping pushed the fat man's greasy face away. He looked anxiously at Li Sheng and asked.

"Diego

Li Sheng is also looking at di Ping eagerly, this usually silent man, his face rarely shows excitement.

"Boom..."

just before Li Sheng opened his mouth, there was another crash sound in front of him. This time, it was near, not far from the front. The huge roar shook the ground, and the rain curtain seemed to be stagnant.

"Diego, Owen and Mok are fighting the mutants. Owen is afraid that we will be hurt. Let them run away!"

At this time, Li Sheng finally regained his calm and explained to di Ping in a hurry.

"Moo..."

the mutant beast seemed to be infuriated with a huge roar, accompanied by a thumping sound, as if a huge hammer was hammering on the ground, and Diping felt that his feet were shaking.

"Step back! Join the rest of the team. "

Listening to the sound getting closer and closer, di Ping seems to be approaching this side and hastily orders Li Sheng.

"Good! Look out, Diego! This mutant is very powerful

Li Sheng knew the strength of Diping, and he didn't talk nonsense. He just told him to be careful. He took Zheng Zheng's face and watched his fat man turn around and run towards him.

"My God! It's a terrible cry. What kind of mutant animal is this? "

"What can I do! This monster seems to be coming this way. Let's run? "

"Yes, that's right. The monster's voice is terrible. Stay here and die?"

"Don't move. There must be no problem in front of us. What are you afraid of?"

"That's right, you cowards. The di team is here! At the same time, the people who are resting also hear the sound of beast roar. In the terrible roar of beast, with its incomparable powerful power, people can't breathe.

One by one, their faces were pale and they were talking in horror. Many people were clamoring to run, but they were embarrassed to move in the eyes of people's disdain. What's more, there were strong fighters around.

In fact, some members of the team were afraid to hear this voice, but they had fought with di Ping and had incomparable confidence in their Di team. From the bottom of their heart, they did not believe that di general team would not be able to stop it. Therefore, at this time, he was the most staunch supporter, sticking to his post and holding the weapons in his hand to ensure that the team was not in disorder.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!