Chapter 174

Di Ping wiped the rain on his face, staring at the direction of the voice.

It was obviously the footstep of a giant animal, and dipin was shocked. Just listening to the sound, you can imagine how big the animal was and what it was?

His mind is highly concentrated, only when a huge dark figure appears in the field of vision, he suddenly looks frightened.

"Ah! What kind of monster is that? "

"My God! How big? It's not an elephant? "

"This is a buffalo. Didn't you look at the horn?"

"It's a cow, my God! Such a big cow? "

The players who watched from afar were also the first to see it. All of a sudden, they all screamed, their faces were frightened, and some of them even had some shivering in their legs.

When the shadow passed through the grass, Diping saw that it was really a cow. It was only too big, bigger than an adult elephant. It was black. It was more than three meters tall and more than five or six meters long. Its four legs were like four electric poles, and its hooves were more like a small millstone. Every time it fell, it made a loud noise, splashing a large amount of water, and a pair of huge sharp horns looked like Two huge thorns in the head, with a dark cold light, the huge blood red cow's eyes such as a tea bowl, flashing ferocious light.

The giant Buffalo, with a deep snort in its nose, pushed forward step by step, stepping over the grass, standing still and staring at Owen with bloodthirsty eyes. Its front hooves kept hitting the ground and roaring, and the ground roared.

"You two get out of here!"

Seeing the two men's broken armor and the red color flowing out of the corners of their mouths, they knew that they were struggling to deal with the mutant buffalo. It seemed that they had suffered losses. Di Ping originally wanted to see how powerful Owen, a potential hero of S-level potential, was afraid that something would happen to them, so he made a voice to stop him.

"Ah! Master

Both of them were surprised when they heard something behind them. They looked back and saw that they were surprised. When they were recruited here, they had been implanted with loyalty to Diping. However, the images of Di Ping were deep in their minds. How could they not recognize them.

"Hello! Irving, Mok "

dipin watched the two men wipe the rain on their faces, then nodded and said with a smile," you two, step back! When I get rid of this mutant cow, it's saying

"Master! This mutant cow is very strong! We can't break it, we can't hurt it! "

The two faces were startled and called nervously.

"It's OK. You go back first!"

Di Ping gave a light command, and then his eyes returned to the mutant cow. His two eyes twinkled with a strong sense of war!

He has scanned the year of mutation with his exploration just now. He also knows that he has killed more than a dozen mutant dogs just now, and he is not satisfied.

Since his strength has exceeded ten thousand jin, he always feels that his body is surging with great strength, which makes him feel uncomfortable. Seeing this mutant cow, his fighting spirit begins to boil. This mutant cow is stronger than the giant Tibetan mastiff, which makes him feel like he is not trying and not fast.

"Mutant buffalo: blood level: D level, talent skill: Juli, enhancement level: Level 1 and level 5, skill: impact and trample"

this is a d-level blood variant beast, which has two skills, of which the talent skill is still Juli. He wants to see who is better than his ten thousand jin Juli and this mutant cow.

When dipin stepped forward, Owen and Mok couldn't help it. They had to step back slowly at dipin's order. The mutant cow clearly knew that they were going to retreat, and a man came to it, which made him very angry. The little bug dared to come to him.

"Moo..."

the mutant buffalo suddenly raised its head and made a huge roar. Then, it stepped on the ground with four feet, and the ground gave out a sad cry. Its huge body rushed to di Ping like a mountain.

"Good coming!"

Di Ping was also a violent drink. His body sank, and his Qi and blood surged like a tide. His feet pounded the ground, and the water splashed everywhere, as if driven by a powerful force, and di Ping's body seemed to be pushed forward by a huge force.

It's dipin who launched the impact ability. He wanted to compete with the mutant buffalo.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!