Chapter 171

Di Ping also took some bread, ham and water from the team members, handed some to Gina, and ate them himself. Even dipin was hungry. These pieces of bread would be gone if he ate as much as he could. But it was better to eat than not to eat. With his physical strength, it would be fine if he didn't eat it for another day.

Everyone is grabbing to eat and fill their stomachs. No one dares to delay time and seize all the rest time. We should know that if Diping says to go, that is to go. Now, no one wants to fall behind.

"Moo..."

just as more than 1000 people were resting quietly, suddenly a huge roar came through the rain curtain. Di Ping immediately stood up and looked at the direction of the sound.

"Ah! What's that noise? "

"It's so frightening. I've got some confusion in my head!"

"What are you afraid of with di corps?"

Before the huge roar, some of the animals did not want to know that there was no change in their faces!

Diping's eyes were fixed on the road leading to the base, and he pricked up his ears to listen. The roar just now should not be far from here, and he could see that the sound was coming from the direction of the base.

"Boom..."

at this time, a huge crash sound sounded, strong fluctuations, as if the shock of the rain is a pause.

Now Diping heard it clearly. Yes, the voice came from the front. At this time, Diping was standing at the intersection. He could not hear such a loud voice. Besides, he could also hear people's noisy shouts not far from here.

"What's wrong with di?"

At this time, Han Zhongguo, Lu Guoliang and the three captains ran to di Ping and asked in horror.

"Moo...."

at this time, there was a huge roar. This time, it seemed to be closer, and a strong momentum came.

Di Ping also heard this feeling. The sound was like the roar of a cow, but how could the roar of a cow have such a momentum? It was like the roar of a great beast in the flood land, which made people feel very upset.

"Ah! Di corps, the voice seems to be close? "

Han Zhongguo also heard clearly. He asked in horror. His eyes were staring at the front. It seemed that there was a monster in front of him.

"You go and watch the team, I'll see it!"

Di Ping's eyes were fixed on the front for a while. Suddenly, she frowned, and her head did not return. Gina also put down her food and stood beside her.

"Eh! Good

Han Zhongguo's several people were stunned at first, but then they also understood that there was really a mutant beast. They couldn't help it. Now it's reasonable for them to comfort the team. After all, the team is full of ordinary people. If they are scared and run around, they will be in trouble. They don't want to know what kind of monster is ahead and run quickly to the rear team.

"Come on! Run

At this time, there was a sudden cry from the front.

"The voice..."

Di Ping's eyes flashed suddenly. He felt that the voice was so familiar, like Li Sheng's.

"Dada...."

in front of Di Ping, there came the sound of disordered steps and rushing on the water, and a group of people three or four hundred meters away finally came out of the grass in the road.

"Li Sheng? Fat man

Di Ping's eyes are so easy to use. At a glance, he can see that Li Sheng is at the front of a dozen or so people, while the fat man runs at the back. The figure of the trembling running is really familiar.

A group of people are running to this side in a panic, and they still look back from time to time. It seems that there is something behind them, and Li Sheng, the front one, still calls for quick running from time to time!

"Li Sheng!"

When Diping saw that they were two people, they were very happy. Then they rushed out, looked back at Gina and said, "Gina, stay here!".

"Ah! It's Diego

Li Sheng, who was running in the front, suddenly heard someone calling himself. First, he was stunned, then his face changed. He looked up and looked up. When he saw that it was di Ping's face, his horse lit up, and his face was full of surprise and exclaimed in high voice. His face was so surprised.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!