Chapter 175

Two body shapes, one big and one small, one running like a monster. Each time it falls, the earth shakes and the mountains shake, and the water splashes everywhere. The other moves like lightning, drawing a white line on the surface of the water. The water waves of more than ten meters high are aroused behind. It seems that the distance of tens of meters does not exist at this moment.

"Boom..."

one person and one cow collide with each other, like two meteorites colliding. For a moment, the whole sky is full of water spray, as if there was a bomb in the air. The heavy rain seemed to have stopped in this sound. Then, a strong momentum like an explosion set off a storm wave, which scattered all over the sky. Countless weeds were cut by sharp knives, broken at the waist and then crazy The wind shot around like a sharp arrow.

"Ah

A lot of people couldn't help but cover their ears and scream. Owen and Mok, who had just quitted, flew out in the air and landed in the water two meters away.

"Bang..."

a body shape flies backward from the water curtain for more than ten meters, and falls on the ground with a thump. If the shell falls on the water surface, the water spray shoots up, and then it stops more than ten steps to stand still.

"Ah! It's the captain... It's Diego! "

The people behind saw the truth and screamed.

"Poof..."

it was Diping who flew out. He didn't expect that the strength of the cow was so strong, it was more than ten thousand catties, which was obviously stronger than himself. In addition to the impact, he was still hit and flew, but he still stepped out for more than ten steps to stand still and almost fell to the ground.

With one hand on his chest, Diping felt that his chest was stuffy, and his hot blood gushed up. He puffed out the blood arrow.

This mouth of blood spurted out and felt much better. He looked up at the mutant cow, and the spray of water fell down, and the huge body of the mutant cow was also exposed.

The big guy was obviously not feeling well. He was also roaring out of five or six steps, still shaking his head, as if he had been knocked unconscious by dipin.

"Master

Owen and Mok also stood up. Dipin had been hit and flew just now and fell beside them. They ran over and cried out with worry on their faces.

"Ha ha! Have fun

Di Ping roared with laughter, then looked at the two people: "nothing, I can deal with this cow!"

"Moo...."

the mutant cow has also reacted. It seems that the collision just made it uncomfortable, and even more aroused its ferocity. It raised its head and roared loudly. The sound went straight through the clouds. The dense clouds in the sky seemed to be diluted by the fierce flame of the waves, and the raindrops did not dare to fall down.

"You stand back

Dipin waved to stop Owen and Owen, and then stepped forward. He knew that he was not as powerful as the mutant cow just now. If he was fighting against him, he was not a fool.

"Come on! Big monster

"Said dipin, with a wave of scorn at the mutant cow.

"Damn it, Dicko. Now the cow is broken!"

The fat man looked at di Ping's background in disbelief and exclaimed in surprise.

"Don't talk!"

Li Sheng murmured, his eyes fixed on the direction of the battle.

"Boom..."

the mutant cow was obviously infuriated by dipin's action, his muscles were tense, and his four giant hooves pushed on the ground, and his body suddenly rushed to di Ping.

"Watch me cut you off!"

Di Ping is also a violent drink, running also to meet the variation of the giant cattle, a man and a cow speed is very fast, dozens of meters suddenly arrived, the eye saw hit a piece, only to see Di Ping's body suddenly a side, flash to one side, and then burst out.

"Chop!"

At the same time, the black sword appeared on his hand, which was like a black fire.

He slashed the neck of the mutant cow with his double swords. The sword crossed a red light in the air. It seemed that the air had been cut.

"Poo..."

when the mutant cow found that it hit the sky, a little doubt appeared in his eyes. When he saw a wave of red light in his eyes, it was too late to react. His huge body gave him infinite strength, but at the same time, it also limited its speed. The long knife with a huge force of ten thousand jin seemed to cut into the neck of the mutant cow in a moment Yes.

"Boom..."

the giant cow's huge body rushed ten meters away and fell to the ground, as if the mountain pillar collapsed, causing a large amount of water spray, and then a stream of blood gushed out like a fountain, which instantly dyed the whole water surface red. The huge head of the ox was folded to one side, and its neck was broken, only a small half of it was connected. The blood on the fracture surface seemed to spray without money.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!