Chapter 180

At that moment, she seemed to have been stripped of her back and collapsed on the ground. Her husband saw her at that moment. Her face was so white that she jumped out of bed and picked up Yu Shujie who had fallen on the ground. However, no matter how he called her, Yu Shujie still had no eyes and no response.

Although his husband lost his love in the dormitory, the success of his husband's love was not bad.

The next day, she chose to commit suicide, because love is everything in her life. She couldn't accept and lost her feelings. Finally, she was found by her husband and sent to the hospital to rescue her. When she looked at her crying poor daughter, she woke up and no longer chose to commit suicide. However, she did not say a word with men, but worked hard with her daughter.

She didn't choose to divorce for her children under the man's desperate plea, but although she was under the same roof, she never said a word to a man. Her husband learned well and knew that he was wrong. He still loved her deeply.

From then on, she went home every day and never stayed out overnight. Every day, she changed her style to make delicious Dongshe. But she never touched her, and the man was very painful. But he did not say a word, and he still insisted on doing so. Three years later, my daughter was five years old and she was also a 30-year-old woman.

Contact with too many social things, know that many times life is not a bowl of water, a thorough bottom, the world is never black or white.

Although this man made a mistake, he really loved himself and his children. It's very precious to be able to persist for three years. Other men have been busy for a whole day and have a warm home waiting for them. However, he always can't get a smile from his wife when he comes back. Most people can't stand divorce, but he insists on it.

At the age of 30, a man is in the prime of his life, but he has a lot of white hair on his head, and his eyebrow wrinkles are getting deeper and deeper.

Yu Shujie has begun to slowly prepare to accept her husband again. She originally wanted to make a good table of dishes at night to make a confession to her husband. She was willing to accept him again, live a good life together, and cultivate their daughters. However, life is too changeable. Before she confesses, when the end of the world comes, there will be no chance.

At the last moment, the man may think that he will not be forgiven by the woman, so he chose to exchange his life for the life of his wife and daughter.

When she saw the man was knocked down by the mutant dog, she was completely confused. At that time, her mind was full of romantic and warm past with men. At this moment, she regretted that she had not accepted the man earlier and let him suffer three years of torture.

When she looked at the man, saw the safety and comfort of his daughter's eyes and his infinite love for himself, as well as deep regret, she even more regretted, she felt that she had lost everything, lost her feelings and lost her dependence.

She thought that from then on, she would not accept any feelings in her heart, and would never accept any man again. The death of her husband shocked him too much. The man exchanged his life for his own and daughter's life.

He used his own life to clean the dirt on his body, even though he was not so much before, but at this time he was a good husband and a good father.

This point can not be disputed, not to mention that Yu Shujie has already begun to forgive him in her heart.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!