Chapter 189

Who dares to oppose this, but everyone also thinks that it is reasonable. Some people are called Diego, some are called chief Di, and others are called masters. They are too chaotic, so they all agree with this view.

But di Ping Dao thinks nothing. He thinks it's OK to call anything. His name is not to be called by others. He wants to see what Lu Guoliang will say next.

"Lu Guoliang saw that all the people agreed with his idea, and di Ping didn't express his opinion and did not oppose it. When he was happy, if he didn't object, he would agree. If he was recognized, everyone would be happy. He calmed down his mind and then threw out the second opinion, which showed that everyone was thinking.

Before the base three or five kittens did not care about management, by Chengchao a few people play to manage, but now there are more than 2000 people, as time goes on, the number will certainly be more and more, that base must have a set of management team to be responsible for, otherwise there will be trouble.

Lu Guoliang did not stop, giving people too much time to think, but directly threw out the third opinion.

"Third, our walls are still too thin. If the mutated animals wake up after the rain and clear, as director Di said, it is very difficult to protect such walls. I think it is necessary to heighten and thicken the walls and turn them into a real solid city!"

After finishing the three pieces, Lu Guoliang stopped and looked at di Ping in his eyes: "director Di, this is what I can think of at present! Do you have any reference value? "

"Ha ha... Very good, brother Lu, please sit down!"

Di Ping chuckled and asked Lu Guoliang to sit down. Then he swept around the crowd and said, "brother Lu has just arrived one day. He can observe carefully and put forward reasonable opinions. This base is not only mine, but also ours. Only by working together can we build this base well."

There was a silence in the meeting room. They didn't expect Lu Guoliang to take the first shot so accurately. What's more, they had such a big plan in mind that they even put forward the proposal of building a city.

Is the city so easy to build? After reading the ancient city, we all know that the wall is 20 meters thick, which can be used as a walking horse. If we really build a city under the present conditions before the end of the world, it is not difficult at all, but now it is the end of the world. What can we do? How to build it.

In fact, di Ping was also surprised. He did not expect Lu Guoliang to put forward this proposal on the first day, which coincided with him.

What was his intention in choosing the castle?

He wants to build a city here, a city that will never fall, and a place that can protect more people in the end.

"Mm-hmm! Minister Lu is right. These three are all problems to be solved at present! "

After silence for a while, Han Zhongguo suddenly pulled out a cigarette and knocked it heavily on the table to attract everyone's attention. Then he said in a deep voice: "I also mention that the number of people in the base is increasing rapidly. So many people can't stay idle. They have to move. It's easy for them to raise problems when they are idle."

Di Ping looked at Han Zhongguo and nodded. He felt that this was very important. As the old saying goes, people have a lot of business to do. If they gather together, they will get busy when they are full. Moreover, people are lazy animals. They don't have to work and have food. Once they become a habit, they become afraid. If food supply is not available, these people will feel dissatisfied and cause trouble.

In history, there is a saying that one meal is a benefactor and ten meals are enemies.

Can you say that others don't understand gratitude? In fact, it's not all. It can only be said that once a certain form of behavior has become a habit, it is natural to ask for change. If you want to interrupt this behavior, others will certainly not do it; they think that you are encroaching on his interests.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!