Chapter 182

Di Ping raised his eyes and saw three beautiful women standing in front of him, immediately Di Ping's eyes were bright.

Three wet women in the rain, clothes close to the body, the perfect figure revealed, born out of thin air a pity for the delicate.

These three gorgeous women are not others. They are Ye Lu, Ning Nan and Liu Bingyu's best friends who were rescued by Di Ping.

The three women look at di Ping with different looks. Ye Lu seems not to have a cold with di Ping, but is still afraid of him. She always looks at him with evasive eyes. Although she has a smile on her face, it always makes people feel that there is not much enthusiasm. This makes Di Ping helpless and depressed. The killing scene before really scared the girl.

And in the eyes swept to Ye Lu's side of the other two beauties, he was in a good mood immediately.

Ning Nan, a capable, heroic and usually aloof woman, looks at di Ping with enthusiasm in her eyes, and her mouth slightly rises with a cold smile, which shows that she is in a good mood at this time.

And Liu Bingyu, a delicate woman, is much more obvious. She looks at di Ping and her eyes are beautiful. She is full of hot Diping spirit.

Di Ping was a little stunned for a moment. His eyes wandered on the three girls. The three beautiful women were so beautiful. Now they are performing in a wet body. Their plump and curvilinear figures are exposed. The nearest one is more hot in his eyes. The hot eyes show that the three girls are dry and hot, and their faces are more red like a piece of red cloth.

"Digo..."

at this time, Liu Bingyu called out dirge in a coquettish voice, and immediately woke up Di Ping, only to know that she had lost her temper again.

"Cough... Well, you go back quickly! Don't get sick because of the heavy rain

Di Ping is a little embarrassed. He has lost his state twice this time. Women are really a disaster! He also can not resist temptation, eyes dare not look at three women, quickly and repeatedly waved to let three women go back quickly.

"Ah..."

after listening to di Ping, the three girls looked at themselves with a puzzled look on their faces, and immediately started to scream, covering their faces and turning around to run. The three swaying postures running in the heavy rain are also so charming.

"Ouch..."

behind, a group of wolves roared again, all men. This time, I saw four women who were more beautiful than the stars on TV. Several of them could keep calm and keep their eyes straight.

Looking at such women, it seems that each Diping has some ambiguous. These people immediately howl and roar, and they think that Diego is too good. If they don't, they have already made a big move, so they are excited.

"You have too much energy, don't you?"

Di Ping turned around and looked at the excess energy. The wolves laughed and cursed.

"The team is full of energy!"

Who knows the team members are even more smiling in unison.

"Poof..."

dipin almost spurted out a mouthful of old blood. These wangba eggs are too bad.

"Ah..."

the three girls running into the gate were even more embarrassed when they heard the call. They ran faster and disappeared behind the gate in a blink of an eye.

"Ha ha..."

a group of lusters behind laughed, and the laughter spread through the heavy rain for a long time.

Even Yu Shujie, who was standing behind the gate, could not hide herself. She stamped her feet secretly and scolded shyly. She turned and ran after Liu Bingyu's three daughters.

Di Ping had some helplessness, but at the same time, he was also moved. He felt that everyone was like a family now, and they were happy to talk about it. These people quickly recovered from the pain, which he was willing to see.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!