Chapter 188

"Brother Cheng, how about the accommodation arrangement for the new comers?"

After Di Ping sat down, he went straight to the subject and asked Cheng Chao.

"Digo, 1580 new immigrants have settled down. Miss Ning Nan has checked and found no casualties. Only a dozen people have been caught in the rain and have received medicine. Two of them have twisted their feet, and miss Ning Nan has also taken medicine."

Cheng Chao stood up, picked up a folder on the table, opened it, looked at it, and reported to di Ping.

"Ha ha... Good! The result of this migration is beyond my imagination. I thought there would be casualties. Now it seems that the heavy rain migration is the right decision! "

Di Ping was very happy. He was very happy. He was worried that there would be casualties in the heavy rain migration. He had already made the worst plan in his heart. However, he did not expect that the result was better than he imagined, and there was no casualties. This satisfied him very much.

"Di 路路路路 the migration task is completed, and the degree of completion is" perfect ". 500 crystal coins, a dark steel axe, and a secret book of jade are obtained. The items have been put into the backpack and asked the host to check."

Just when Di Ping was in a good mood, ha ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.

The reward for this mission was beyond his imagination. There were not only 500 crystal coins, a Tomahawk, but also a secret script of martial arts. He was so excited that he would like to open it now. However, it was not the time to look at it. He had to press his excited mood to return to the meeting.

"Di's decision was right. I was worried at that time that it was too difficult to migrate in such a heavy rain. I didn't expect that we could arrive safely."

Han Zhongguo said with a sigh on his face, and his tone was still full of fear.

"Old Han! Don't talk about you. I've been on my nerves all the way for fear of something wrong! "

Lu Guoliang then said with Han Zhongguo's words, his face also had lingering fear. This time, he said that he did not overthrow Han Zhongguo's Taiwan.

"Ha ha, Lao Lu, you finally said something I love to hear!"

Han Zhongguo lights Lu Guoliang with one hand and laughs.

"But director Di now has a few problems that we have to consider."

Lu Guoliang didn't take Han Zhongguo's words, just smile a little, and then look at di Ping and say.

"Oh! Brother Lu, if you have anything to say, since we gather together, we are holding each other to tide over the difficulties, and we need to pool our wisdom and efforts! "

Di Ping see Lu Guoliang a face is not joking, smile a close, a face seriously looking at Lu Guoliang asked..

"Well, I'll start with a few words. If there's anything wrong, please point it out!"

Lu Guoliang listened to di Ping's words and slowly stood up. He lowered his voice and then arched his hands around. Seeing that all the people were staring at him seriously, he slowly said, "today I just arrived, and I also made a simple turn. Many situations are not very clear, so I will simply say a few words."

As soon as he said this, his face was wearing a knowing smile. Han Zhongguo even scoffed at it. If you don't understand the truth, you dare to comment. If you understand it, you can do it, but no one will oppose it. It's a good thing to mention it if you have any problems.

"As the saying goes, there is no rule, no square. Today I will mention each of them. We have a bit of confusion about the title of chief di. Some of them are called" Di Ge ". I think it's better to unify them. Otherwise, it's not conducive to unity."

Speaking of this, Lu Guoliang stopped, glanced at all the people and carefully observed the expressions of all the people. His words raised the question of a simple address to a political height.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!