Chapter 187

At present, only one warehouse can be built in the system. I don't know when the following items can be built. He needs to speed up the development of the base smoothly. He needs to get rid of himself as soon as possible, because he is more and more worried about his parents.

The rain outside didn't mean to stop, but his mind flew back to his hometown. I don't know how his parents are now. Did he hide and wait for himself according to his own words? If not?

He was so upset that he didn't dare to think about it.

"Dudu..."

at this time, the knock on the door broke off Di Ping's confused thinking.

"Come in..."

Di Ping didn't look back. His eyes were still looking at the rain outside, but the confusion in his eyes disappeared and Qingming was restored.

"Master

The door was pushed open, and Barton went to dipin's respectful salute.

"Master, everyone is settled down. Now Chengchao and they are waiting for you in the meeting room on the third floor."

Barton saw that dipin turned back and didn't speak, but the inquiry in his eyes immediately bowed over and said.

"Well, I see!"

Dipin nodded to show that he knew, and Barton retired again.

It was already more than six o'clock. It was dark in the rain outside. Now it was a little dark. Diping put down his tea cup, got up and changed his clothes. Then he went out to the meeting room on the third floor.

There is a small conference room on the third floor, which can accommodate about 30 or 50 people to sit in. At this time, the meeting room is very lively. As soon as I got to the passage, I heard that people were laughing in the conference room. Di Ping was calm and smiling and pushed open the door. There were not many people in the conference room, only about 10 people.

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang also have three captains, Xu Sheng, Zhang Liang and Feng Ziming. The former gang members of the base are all there, including Cheng Chao, Lao Luo, Li Sheng, and the fat ones, including Ye Lu. They also helped settle in. At this time, they also came to the meeting room. These people seem to be familiar with each other and are chatting and laughing.

Several heroes recruited by dipin also arrived, Owen, Mok, buggy, Gina, and Butler Barton. However, Derlin, the manor manager, and Wu An, the tavern manager, did not show up. These heroes gathered together to talk and laugh. It seems that the recruitment of heroes makes it easier for them to get together and chat without any barriers.

He glanced, but did not see the figure of Yu Shujie. His face changed slightly, but he immediately regained his smile.

When Diping opened the door and came in, he immediately interrupted the excitement in the meeting room. All the people stopped talking and laughing and looked back at the door. It was Diping who stood up immediately. For a moment, tables, chairs and benches in the room rang.

"Di Ge......"

"Di Corps......"

"master......"

they all called each other one after another. However, this name was a little confusing, so Di Ping didn't know how to respond for a moment, so he had to smile bitterly and wave his hand to the people, and sat down to the meeting room owner, laughing and saying, "ha ha ha... It's a lively conversation!" Then a trace of banter suddenly appeared on his face and said, "are you talking ill of me! I can hear that... "

" ha ha... "

this made everyone laugh, and the scene was more relaxed and lively!

"Sit down, everyone! It will be a family in the future. Don't be restrained

Barton had already come forward to pull out the stool for dipin. Dipin stepped to the seat of the Lord, smiling and greeting the people who were still standing.

"Yes"

they all agreed and sat down.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!