Chapter 186

When the door closed with a squeak, he couldn't make a sound. He sighed and went back to the bathroom. After washing, he sat down at the front of the French window. Barton had already made tea, drank it, and watched the heavy rain outside.

After a long time of silence, di Ping just shook his head with a bitter smile, as if he wanted to throw out the disordered thoughts in his mind.

He is not too keen on women. After Su Xiao left, he has avoided feelings. He also knows that there is a reason why he can't control his escalating speed. It's a lie to say that he doesn't like a beauty like Yu Shujie.

In fact, he didn't want to control himself too much. In the last days, he also wanted to understand that he didn't have to suppress himself too much. It's strange that a beauty like Yu Shujie could bear to bear it. He was not a eunuch, but a strong and hot-blooded youth. How could he be attracted by such a beautiful and beautiful life.

It is said that excessive power breeds corruption. He has already begun to enjoy the convenience brought by power.

But fortunately, he has a strong self-control and a trace of bottom line to restrain himself. Otherwise, it would be strange that Yu Shujie, Liu Bingyu, Ning Nan and Ye Lu, who are so charming and charming, can still get round.

He has a good feeling for Yu Shujie, such a soft and considerate woman, he is not a cold machine, he also has emotions.

Therefore, once lured, I couldn't bear to jump on it. At the same time, I was also secretly pleased with a gentle and beautiful girl like Yu Shujie, who fell in love with him. How could he not be proud.

But he didn't expect that when he took the gun to mount the horse, Yu Shujie called out her husband's name in his mouth. It was like a bucket of ice water pouring on his head. He didn't expect that Yu Shujie didn't really like him, just took him as a shadow, how could he suffer.

I don't know how to get along with Yu Shujie in the future?

Di Ping has some helplessness, but he can't help it. He is actually a man of male chauvinism. He can't be generous enough to accept that he becomes the shadow of others. However, no matter how Yu Shujie will be, he doesn't think it's wrong to do so.

Throwing away all the distractions, di Ping put down his tea cup and started the system. There was a lot of things waiting for him. There was so much time to think about the love between children and girls.

The 3D picture reappears in front of Di Ping, and the picture is also heavy rain, but this does not affect him to see the situation in the base from here.

From time to time, there are people walking through the base in the rain, which shows that they are in a hurry, adding vitality to the base in the heavy rain.

A lot of people gathered in front of the two small buildings. All the people who came from the underground shopping mall were arranged to live in these two buildings. If there were more people, it would be more lively.

After a brief look at it for a while, di Ping opened the tavern system. He wanted to see the latest harvest. The soul energy showed 1676, and there were 131 crystal coins. Besides, the crystal nuclei harvested today were not changed into crystal coins. If they were all changed, there should be 100 crystal coins. That would be more than 200. Although not much, it is also good.

With satisfaction, Diping points to recruit new people, he wants to see whether there are new heroes today.

The recruitment interface changed a while. Three heroes appeared in the screen. Di pingdingqing looked at it and was in a dark mood. He said that his luck was really bad. The three were still D-class heroes. A refresh was made and a crystal coin disappeared. The screen changed again. Di Ping's face was black. He was still three D-class heroes. He wanted to spend five more and click again, but he still thought about it. Now Tavern level is too low, it's too difficult to paint high-level heroes, too much is also a waste.

After shutting down the system, di Ping leaned against the cane chair and thought about the next step. The next step is to build all the buildings of the system as soon as possible. Otherwise, the power of the system can not be brought into full play, which is a waste of resources.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!