Chapter 184

The warm water wrapped him, as if touched by a lover's gentle palm. Diping was very comfortable lying in the pool, and his fatigue was also slowly dissipated. This enjoyment made him intoxicated. These days, he was too tired, and gradually fell asleep.

I don't know how long after, in his sleep, he felt a pair of soft hands pressing on his shoulder, the movement was light and soft, very comfortable, comfortable, he was about to cry.

He had enjoyed this, even in reality, he did not enjoy it. How could this scene appear in his dream?

But at this time he didn't want to think about it, just wanted to enjoy it quietly. He really didn't want to wake up. He was afraid that the dream would disappear when he woke up.

With a pair of small hands on his shoulders and arms, they slowly brushed on his chest, numb and comfortable. In his sleep, his breathing was a little bit rapid, and a warm feeling rose from his abdomen and went straight to his head. His hand involuntarily grabbed at the small hand.

"Ah..."

a woman's voice exclaimed behind her.

"Who..."

the sound woke dipin out of his sleep. He didn't expect that someone would be around him. If he had a bad heart, he would not be in danger. So he jumped out of the pool with a loud drink. At the same time, a black gold sword appeared in his hand, and then the long sword suddenly chopped in the direction of the voice.

"Is it you?"

This jump, he saw that the voice behind him was actually his own. He hastened to force his arm, and the knife stopped abruptly in her face. Later, the beauty's blood would be splashed on the spot. However, the man didn't react, and his eyes were round and frightened at di Ping.

"Sister Yu, why are you?"

This person is not other people, it is Yu Shujie, di Ping retracts and stretches his sword, and says with lingering fear: "almost hurt you, not scared?"

Yu Shujie obviously hasn't responded. She nods her head stupidly and looks at Qiu Ping. She is also scared. A sharp knife with cold light shining on her face is close to cutting herself. She can not be scared.

"Ah..."

it seems that Yu Shujie's eyes finally have the focus. But when she saw Di Ping in front of her, she screamed again. Her hands tightly covered her eyes, which was even louder than before. She was about to ask what was going on and why she was so surprised.

When he saw Yu Shujie tightly covering her eyes, he still wondered what happened to the woman and what she was doing with her eyes. Suddenly, he felt a chill and looked down and found that he was so excited that he forgot to be naked!

"I wipe it!"

Di Ping secretly scolded, and hurriedly pulled a towel on the shelf to wrap his body, and his face was burning hot. So standing in front of a woman who had nothing to do with herself, she still needed face. She was thin skinned and couldn't do it.

"This... This... That......"

Di Ping was a little embarrassed for a moment, and he had no place to put his hands, so he couldn't find any words to say.

"Poof..."

Yu Shujie had a ruddy face, but she didn't dare to open her eyes until she knew that she was wearing a bath towel. When she saw Di Ping's silly posture, she burst into a burst of laughter. All of a sudden, all the flowers were in full bloom and the bathroom was bright.

"Hiss..."

di Pingdao took a breath of air-conditioning. Yu Shujie was wearing pink pajamas, but she was still slightly transparent. She splashed a lot of water between her just jumping up. She became wet and dew on her body. Suddenly, Qu Mei's figure was exposed, and her wet pajamas were more transparent. I could see that di Ping's heart was on fire.

A more intense heat suddenly sprang up from the Dantian and rushed to the forehead. The breath was heavy and frightening, like a raging buffalo. Its eyes were red and might hurt people at any time.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!