Chapter 185

"Oh..."

Di Ping didn't want to control anything at this time. He only had a raging flame in his eyes. He rushed forward and hugged the beautiful woman in his eyes.

"Hmmm..."

the beauty in her arms yelled, which was like a signal to launch a battle, which made dipin completely lost in the bath fire and crazily kissed the beauty in her arms.

"No!"

Yu Shujie is powerless to push and hustle Di Ping, but her body is very honest in di Ping's arms like a water snake, and her body becomes hot.

When she went into dipin's room, she knew what was going to happen, but she still came, and some ghosts sent her to come quietly.

She stood at the door of Diping for a long time, but finally she opened the door of the room. She felt that she did not know the shame, but she really needed a hug. Recently, the crazy miss of Diping tormented her and made her not know what to do.

"Ah..."

the woman who was kissed by Di Ping, who had become a soft mud, whispered, was picked up by Di Ping and walked to the bedroom. She buried her head tightly in Diping's arms. At the moment, she seemed to feel that she was back on campus and was held by her husband on the bed for the first time.

"Haoran..."

at this time, it was di Ping, who was eager to burn herself, and put Yu Shujie on the bed. People were about to press on. Yu Shujie, who was already unconscious, spat out a name.

"Boom"

Di Ping was suddenly struck by lightning. Although the sound was light, it was like a blast in the air. The shock made Diping's head wake up and his body was stiff.

If the bath fire in the eyes of ice water quickly subsided, di Ping straight up without expression, turned back to the bathroom, turned on the tap and flushed himself with cold water.

He knew the name. Yu Shujie told him that the name was her husband's name, Qin Haoran.

Di Ping thought that Yu Shujie had fallen in love with herself and accepted him. But when she called out the name, she knew he was wrong. The woman still loved the man. He was just a substitute.

And dipin didn't want to be a substitute, and he didn't want to take advantage of others. He couldn't do anything with this woman in such a state. He couldn't stand what happened to a woman who didn't love him. He felt that he was not a machine.

Di Ping turns and enters the bathroom. At this time, Yu Shujie, who is lying on the bed with her clothes loosened and the spring light exposed, wakes up. She also knows what happened. She realizes how much she has made a mistake. She didn't expect how she could call out her husband's name at this time.

She saw dipin's lost eyes when she turned around, and the cold touch hurt her deeply. Two lines of tears fell quietly for a moment.

She really didn't want to be like this. Up to now, she also understood that she still loved her husband, and she still thought of him in her heart. Now she didn't know what kind of feelings she had for dipin. He was a little confused.

Is it gratitude? Rely on? Like it? Is it lust? Or something else?

She didn't know. At this moment, she felt a blank in her mind. She just lay on the bed and let the tears flow down her face. The pillow was wet.

After a long time, Diping did not come out. She listened to the sound of the water in the bathroom. She knew that the boy was hurt this time. She got up in silence, sorted out her pajamas, and looked at it. She slowly stood up and walked out. The background was desolate.

When Di Ping heard the sound, he walked out of the bathroom and saw the figure of Yu Shujie. She was opening the door and slowly walked out. But he didn't say a word. He didn't know what to say. Although he looked at her sluggish appearance, he really wanted to call her out. But when he thought of the name, he was a little dull and tasteless.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!