Chapter 190

"Well! If you have any other opinions, please speak up and discuss them together

Di Ping nodded to Han Zhongguo, and then his eyes swept over all the faces.

Seeing that there was no one to speak at this time, there should be no problem. Di Ping was disappointed. Although Cheng Chao's people were all good, they were obviously weaker than Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang in people's livelihood management.

"Do I have something to say, Diego?"

At this time, a delicate and weak female voice sounded, and the quiet conference room was particularly clear. Everyone looked up to see where the voice came from, and dipin also looked at it.

"Eh! Of course, Miss Liu can say what she thinks

Di Ping saw the speaker was stunned for a moment, but immediately he said with a gentle smile.

Who do you think this man is? It was no one else. It was Liu Bingyu, a beautiful woman with the same name and personality.

Her sudden voice made everyone dumbfounded. Originally, everyone didn't care much about the three women who were present. They thought they were all vases. In this society, although we have always called for equality between men and women, in fact, in many cases, women still do not occupy a dominant position. Therefore, people did not expect that this woman dare to express their ideas.

"Well, I'll just mention it."

Liu Bingyu stood up with a gentle smile. She said softly, "I found that there have been people gathering in our base recently. Almost every day, people join our base. This shows that outsiders know that there is a gathering place like us. With the spread of fame, more people will come to our base. Are we going to give it to the base Name it? More use of publicity and communication! "

Liu Bingyu said these words and nodded slightly to the crowd, and then sat down quietly.

However, the meeting hall was full of space. Many people looked at this gentle and shameless woman with wide eyes. They didn't expect that he had such a big pattern. Many people in the meeting hall may be confused, such as the fat man. When he saw the shock of the people, he didn't understand why. It was just to establish a name?

Why do these people seem to be shocked?

The scene was cold for a while, and suddenly a buzzing sound sounded, and people began to talk in a low voice. As soon as they heard who Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang were, they understood what this meant.

This is to set up a mountain and establish a name! Isn't this woman simple?

Isn't Liangshan water park also a big flag to attract heroes from all over the world? Liu Peili's slogan is to revive the Han Dynasty. Without a name, it is not fair to say what is right and what's more, it is not conducive to communication. No one has thought about this problem, not even Di Ping.

At this time, Liu Bingyu understood that he was also a smart man. Before that, he wanted to call a Lvyuan community simply. So he never thought about naming this base. He also thought it was necessary. Now I think it's really not possible to make a name for the base. It's too delicious to name the city after the community?

"Miss Liu's suggestion is very clever. She thinks more than us. I totally agree with her!"

Han Zhongguo held out his mother's finger in praise of Liu Bingyu. He was an official family member who understood the meaning of the name. It was like a person. You must first have a name. Otherwise, how others call you, it's better to remember you.

Therefore, if you have a name, you can take your seat according to the number, so that more people can understand you and know your prestige. Only with prestige can more people be willing to follow you. If you are a nameless little person, who is willing to follow you.

"Thank you for your praise

Liu Bingyu smiles and nods thanks to Han Zhongguo.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!