Chapter 183

"Dicko! How are these people arranged? "

At this time, Cheng Chao came over and glanced at the team in front of the door and asked in a low voice.

"Oh! Di Ping almost forgot the business by this group of people "

Di Ping patted his forehead and said," brother Han, come here, I'll introduce you to some people who are not far behind him. "

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang, together with their three team leaders, rushed forward after hearing Di Ping's call. Di Ping introduced Cheng Chao's several people one by one, and Han Zhongguo's several others to Cheng Chao's acquaintances. It was a formal meeting with the leaders of the two teams.

At this time, it's raining heavily. A few people just shake hands and get to know each other. Di Ping orders Cheng Chao to preside over it. Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang cooperate to settle these people as soon as possible. It's not a matter to be drenched in the rain all the time. Everyone is very tired after walking in the rain for a day.

Several people took orders and began to move. The large army began to drive into the community under the guidance of the big iron gate. In front of them, there were team members who had been arranged for a long time in front of them to lead the way, and constantly took the incoming teams to the houses that had been prepared.

These people are arranged to No.1 and No.2 residential buildings. These houses are all empty now. They can still be arranged for them. Half an hour later, all the people enter the gate. Dipin is relieved. He glances at the boundless forest and turns into the base. Gina, who has been with him, follows closely. The gate closes behind him.

The original lush vegetation in the community has been cleared a lot, the path has been completely cleared out, only a little do not need to wear the grass, the path from time to time there are people running in a hurry, the community seems to be lively, become lively.

Diping was in a good mood when walking on the path. If it wasn't raining, he would be in a better mood. He didn't expect that he would do a good job in this break time. He not only turned the whole community into a fortress, but also cleared the roads and roads, which made him very satisfied.

Standing at the gate of the castle again, dipin felt that he felt at home. He was very warm and at ease. He always felt insecure when he went out for a few days. However, when he came back here, he felt different. It seemed that even the air was more fragrant than outside.

"Welcome the master back!"

At this time, Barton, the Butler who had been bowing at the gate of the great castle, saluted him and covered his head with a big black umbrella.

"Barton! Hard work

Di Ping was in a funny mood and said to Patton.

"It's my duty to serve the host!"

Barton bowed deeper, and his smile grew stronger.

"Master, please!"

Without waiting for dipin to speak again, Barton held his umbrella in one hand and extended it in the other.

"Ha ha! Go! Go home

Di Ping laughs and waves his hand to the castle. Now he misses the big bed in the castle. Gina also opens her hat and shows her golden hair. With a smile on her face, she follows Diping into the castle.

There are not many people living in the castle. Now they become super Li Sheng fat people. There are more than 50 members of the team living on the first floor. These people are busy settling the new staff. At this time, there are fewer people in the castle, which is very quiet.

Diping went directly to his own tower, while Gina went back to her room on the third floor. She was suffering a lot now. She wanted to wash her body for a long time. When she returned to the castle, she couldn't help it. But dipin returned to her room under the guidance of Barton.

Barton retreated, and dipine went straight back into the bathroom. He was so wet that he wanted to have a good bath.

The bath in the bathroom was full of warm water and was still steaming hot. As soon as he tried the water temperature, he fell in with joy, thinking that the Butler Barton's service was very good.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!