Chapter 181

For the sake of her daughter's survival, she chose to rely on di Ping, but what she didn't expect was that she was moved again.

In the days with di Ping, she seems to have a good impression on her. Her dead heart comes back to life again and seems to find her dependence again. Sometimes she dreams of Di Ping at night and does some shameful things to her. Every time she wakes up, her mood is very complicated, with joy and guilt. Sometimes she secretly scolds herself for being shameless. Her husband falls in love with others as soon as he dies. It's really watery Yanghua.

In fact, it's not her fault. After experiencing the doomsday women can be said to be in absolute weakness, they always have to find a support to survive. When a man falls down, she loses all her dependence. It's too difficult for a beautiful woman like her to survive with her children. In this way, it's OK for a woman to rely on a man to survive. She doesn't know anything before the 30-year-old woman's absence Ignorant girl.

At the beginning, she just wanted to rely on this man she didn't hate. She was a strong man who could protect herself. She felt that she had accepted everything for the sake of her children. She didn't expect that dipin didn't do anything to herself. Instead, she cared and respected herself. She felt that this man was a big boy. She was very innocent and was very good to himself and his children Tao had his shadow before he realized it.

This feeling has become more straightforward and strong in the last world, and this time, she felt that she had suddenly lost that sense of security. She was very helpless, and she was very frightened and worried.

these days, she missed Di Ping every day, so today when she saw di Ping, she became very excited and rushed to di Ping's arms.

However, when she reflected that her action was a little excessive, she was already in di Ping's arms. When she heard the cheering of the team members, she immediately blushed and had to run. She hid behind the castle door and covered her chest beating with her heart, for fear that her heart would jump out, and her face would be red with fever.

"Ouch... Ha ha..."

everyone screamed, and then burst out a startling laugh. The scene became lively for a while, and all the faces were filled with smiles. Several of Li Shengcheng's people also laughed with laughter, as if the heavy rain had been dissipated by laughter.

Di Ping also stretched out his arm. He was stunned by Yu Shujie's rushing into his arms. He felt the softness of the beauty and the fragrant fragrance. He just wanted to reach out for a hug, but the beauty pushed himself away and ran away. This time, he only reached out his hand in embarrassment. He shook his head and drew back his hand to touch his nose.

"Ha ha..."

the people present burst into laughter when they looked at the embarrassed dipin, and the scene was very warm for a moment.

"Diego..."

"Diego... You're back at last!"

At this time, Cheng Chao came up with a smile and a group of people. Several people in the back also called for Di Ping with joy in their eyes.

"Mm-hmm! Yeah! Come back

Several people came up to solve Di Ping's embarrassment and quickly nodded with a smile. Then they looked at Cheng Chao and held his hand with Cheng Chao Lao Luo and said, "brother Cheng, brother Luo, you have been working hard these days!"

"Diego, we didn't do anything. What's the trouble?"

Cheng Chao is also very excited, holding Di Ping's hand, his eyes brimming with enthusiasm. He has always been confident that he is a successful businessman. He is not a big businessman in Zhongzhou, but he is also a successful person and has his own pride.

Although he recognized dipin as the eldest brother, he didn't think he could do anything without him. However, when he left, he felt helpless and helpless in his heart. At this time, he realized the importance of Diping. Without dipin, it was difficult to say whether he could live or not, and what ideals and aspirations he had How about it!

"Diego..."

at this time, a few crisp shouts rang out.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!