Chapter 193

"Yes, not by first name?"

"Don't you call it Dick?"

"How can we do that? We're not a club. I think it's more powerful to call director Di!"

"Diego is more powerful!"

The following argument arose again. The fat man raised the bar with the three captains. Diping looked at the big head, and this man had a headache for those who would quarrel.

"Diego, I don't think it's worth discussing. It's easy to solve the problem of address."

This has been very quiet Cheng Chao, but suddenly stood up, attracted all the eyes of the people, the original noisy people are quiet down.

"Brother Cheng, tell me about it!"

Di Ping knew that he would not agree to call these people casually. It was a set tone. He did not position himself. What should these people do? Therefore, sometimes these official level things still need to be cared about.

Although he is not a good leader, he can't lead anyone in this base. Since it's right to have a title, he won't be wordy and let Cheng Chao say his own way.

"Since our base has been named the city of shelter, since we are a city, we have the title of city master. So, it is not right for us to call the city Lord in a unified way?"

Cheng Chao looks at di Ping with a cool smile and says his own ideas. As soon as he says this, the meeting room is quiet, and everyone is savoring it. His head has already begun to nod.

"Well, that's a good name! I think so! "

Han Zhongguo expressed his views at the first time. He thought it was very good, smooth and reasonable to address the city Lord Di Ping.

"Yes, that's what you call it!"

Lu Guoping also immediately raised his hand to agree.

"We agree!"

Then, whether it is the base of the original team, or from behind all raised their hands to agree, and is the name of Di Ping, later called the city Lord! Seeing that all the people have decided to call Di Ping, they directly begin the arrangement of the following tasks.

"Well, since we all think that the title of the city Lord is appropriate, we will use it later. Next, I will talk about the arrangement of elder brother Lu's opinions. If we have any opinions, we will discuss them again."

He did not feel that everything should be discussed. This is not because he does not speak of democracy, but because he thinks that sometimes democracy can not accomplish many things, and it may make things more complicated!

"The first one is personnel arrangement!"

Looking at all the people quiet down and looking at himself nervously, di Pingcai said calmly: "the establishment of a civil affairs department is mainly responsible for the resettlement management of all personnel in the base and the reception and resettlement of new people. There is a director, and elder brother Han is the director."

"Brother Han, you will be affected, and you will bear the burden!"

After announcing the first order, di Ping looked at Han Zhongguo's harmony and said.

"It's the city Lord. Make sure to finish the task!"

Han Zhongguo looked a little excited. Suddenly, he stood up and stood at attention, just like a soldier.

"A construction office is set up to be responsible for the construction and repair of the base, with a director and Luo Quan responsible for it."

Di Ping motioned Han Zhongguo to sit down and then proceed to the next appointment.

"Yes, yes! City Lord! I... I will do it well! "

Lao Luo looks excited, his face is red, and he stands up and stammers.

"Set up a logistics office, which is mainly responsible for the registration, warehousing and distribution of materials in the base, as well as the catering supply for all personnel in the base. There is a director, Liu Bingyu, as the director!"

Di Ping let the excited old Luo sit down, and then connect to say his appointment, and then smile at Liu Bingyu asked: "Miss Liu how, can you do?"

"No problem! City Lord, I will try my best to do well! "

Liu Bingyu seems to be very indifferent. She stands up with a gentle smile and gently salutes Di Ping.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!