Chapter 197

These Diping do not know, he just want to have a good drink, these days he is really a little tired, emotional things he really don't want to think about.

After a mouthful of wine, he felt more comfortable. However, several people on the table were not satisfied with his effort. After a while, the five leaders of Sheng and Lu Guoliang collapsed. Finally, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang fell down.

It was Owen who was a little dizzy at the beginning, but now he is more and more sober.

Looking at Liu Nen's face, it's better for her to drink red wine.

Diping also felt dizzy. Knowing that he had drunk a little too much today, with the help of Barton, she said goodbye and went back to his room.

Di Ping went back to his room and took a hot bath. After drinking a cup of strong tea, he almost woke up. So he sat on the cane chair again. He wanted to have a good look at the reward he got for completing the task today.

He saw at the first sight that there were two things in sixth Grieg, a dark blue axe and a piece of jade the size of a playing card.

"What about the secret script? Is it this piece of jade? "

Di Ping didn't see the book. He looked through all the blanks and found no books. He was puzzled. He thought that since the system said that there was definitely something, he had two things, one Tomahawk and one book. Now there are just two things in the sixth grid. He can't admit his mistake. The remaining piece of jade may be the secret script.

A thin piece of jade, the size of a playing card, appeared in his palm. At first, a warm and moist feeling came from the palm of his hand. Diping was curious to light the jade piece. On one side of the jade piece, there were four characters engraved on it. When he looked at it carefully, he saw that the font of "jade halal Jue" was in Chinese running script, which was vigorous and powerful, and the iron hook silver painting was very powerful. When he opened the back, it was a complex array, After reading for a while, Diping felt dizzy and couldn't understand what it was.

"How to use it?"

With the jade piece, Diping was a bit blind. He knew that it was a secret script, but he didn't know how to use it.

"By the way, I remember there is a drop of blood in the novel, I'll try it!"

Di Ping suddenly had an idea. He remembered that the story of blood dripping was often written in novels. He also died and became a live horse doctor. He took out his sword and touched it on his finger. A small wound appeared and blood came out.

He was excited to drop the blood on the jade piece, and then he focused on the jade piece. As a result, he waited for more than ten minutes, and the blood droplet didn't even react on the jade piece. This made him completely disappointed. It seems that the novel can't be trusted!

"And more!"

Di Pingzhen was ready to give up. Suddenly, he remembered that some novels had such jade film recording skills, which required spiritual attention. Although he didn't know how to concentrate on it, he still wanted to try it.

He took the jade piece in front of him, his eyes were fixed on it, and his mind was all put on the jade piece. After watching it for five minutes, he suddenly felt a flower in front of him. He came to a white space. Diping was shocked because he seemed to be floating in the air, unable to reach the world or the ground, and had a weak sense of fear.

Just when he didn't know what to do, a dark shadow came from afar, like a dense swarm of flying insects. At some time, these mysterious flying insects were rushing towards him, which scared him. At the same time, his body could not make any force at all and could not move in the air.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!