Chapter 200

This is a double-sided axe. The length of the Tomahawk is about 80 cm. The whole body is dark silver. There is a faint green light flickering between shaking. The handle is thick with eggs and covered with anti-skid patterns. The left and right axe blades flash cold light for two and a half months. There is a sharp thorn in front of the handle, which is about 10 cm long. It will kill people if the axe is cut.

In his hand, Diping felt the weight, which was 200 Jin. In the handshake, he felt the right hand. He waved it, and the sharp axe blade cut through the air with a scream. It would be difficult to be cut down.

Diping seemed to have a kind of strength pouring into his body when he held the Tomahawk. He seemed to have more strength out of thin air, and his speed and dexterity increased. A kind of heroic spirit rose from the bottom of his heart. It seemed that this weapon gave him more powerful strength. He felt that if it was not too heavy, ordinary people would kill mutant dogs with their hands.

Holding the axe, di Ping was reluctant to put it down. However, it was much stronger than his own black gold sword.

It's just that he doesn't like to use the Tomahawk very much. Moreover, Buji, the hero who was first recruited by him, is still unarmed and has his own sword. Although he can't match the Tomahawk, it's still enough.

You can't leave all the good things for yourself. These people have to equip themselves to give full play to their greatest use. Otherwise, you can hit a few nails on your own.

"Dark steel Tomahawk: the second level medium-sized product, which is made of dark steel by melting a variety of materials. It is sharp and tough, increases strength, speed, weapon skills: none, with additional armor breaking attribute."

At last, Diping couldn't help using the exploration skill. The information of the Tomahawk was displayed in front of his eyes. He remembered that the weapons in the game were divided into many levels. He didn't play to the highest level. He didn't know what was behind him. He remembered that there were six levels in the front.

The lowest level is white suit, ordinary weapon. His Wujin sword is such a weapon, but even the first level is much better than his Han sword on earth, because it is not only better than metal, but also has runes nearby, which can increase special attributes.

The second level is green, which is made of iron and silver. It is always shining with green light. The additional attributes of this weapon are better than that of white suit, and the increase is greater.

The third level is the blue level, which is made of a variety of metals. This kind of weapon can be attached with multiple attributes. Unlike the first and second level weapons, the material can not bear too many attributes. Moreover, some powerful forgers can also add skills to this weapon. That kind of weapon can be said to be the best weapon in the third level.

The weapons of each level are divided into weak, medium, strong and extreme. Materials, runes and skills all have influence. Therefore, different weapons differ greatly. According to Diping, this weapon should be a strong one in level three, with three attributes attached. It can be said that it is a very good weapon.

The fourth level of the weapon is purple, which is made of better materials. It has stronger lethality and can carry more attributes. The worst purple weapon is better than the dark steel. Some people say this is not necessarily true.

Ha ha! If you have to use the worst Rune to refine, who will not say, but as long as you can afford to lose, the forger will not do such a stupid thing. Purple equipment is not only precious and difficult to find, but also difficult to cast. Who does not need the best Rune to use the worst.

The fifth level is gold equipment, such weapons dipin asked Gina, their world and the game is very different, difficult to build in the game, in reality is not easy.

Such weapons are basically invisible. Some of them are in the hands of some big families and sects. Ordinary people can't see them at all, and they can't afford to have such weapons.

As for the sixth level hidden gold, it is also called artifact in Gina's world. She can't have seen it. In her world, the artifact is all legendary, and no one has seen it. Even in the game, Diping himself has not got it, and has no money to forge it!

Unless it's money, but it's too expensive for him to give up.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!