Chapter 198

"Ah... Is this?"

When the shadow rushed in front of him, Diping thought that he was finished. He screamed, but only half of the call. He found that the shadow was spinning around him and did not attack himself.

When the black shadow revolves around him like a jade belt, he can see clearly that it is not a flying insect, but a series of characters. The text revolves around him for two times, and then gathers in front of him to form the appearance of a book. On the front of the page, there are four big characters "yuqingzhen Jue".

Looking at the book in front of him, Diping dispelled his fear and reached out curiously to touch these words. But when his hand just touched the book, the book suddenly spread out, like a bird to find its home, and put it on himself, as fast as a lightning disc shot into his eyebrow, but as fast as the same snake quickly drilled in.

Dipin didn't even have time to react. The book composed of words disappeared on his forehead, and his eyes were black.

"Ah..."

suddenly, di Ping uttered a cry of pain. He felt that his brain suddenly seemed to be pouring in countless information, which was forcibly entering, and was about to burst his head, expand the pain, and his head seemed to explode immediately.

As if someone was stirring his brain with a stick, the pain hit him like a tide. Diping lay down on the cane chair with both hands holding his head. It seemed that someone was pouring water into his head, and the brain was scattered. His consciousness became more and more blurred, and the irrigation had not stopped. He screamed with his head in his arms. He felt that the next second he was going to die and his head would explode.

However, just when he was about to despair, the perfusion finally stopped, and the pain slowly disappeared. Instead, a crispy and numb feeling rose, which made him unable to help humming. He had a feeling of survival. He really didn't want to go through the pain again.

Looking down at the jade piece in his hand, the jade piece is still the same as before without any change. He looks left and right and finds no difference. He has some doubts. What happened just now?

With a long sigh, Diping wiped the sweat on his face. For one minute at most, he was all wet and wet.

You can imagine how much pain he had just had. He felt that his endurance was good enough, but he still could not withstand the pain.

Di Ping was ready to wash the sweat from his body and put the jade pieces into his backpack. When he stood up, he suddenly felt that there were more things in his head. These things were not what he had, but they seemed to be his own. He was immediately stunned.

He stood at the same place, his mind focused on the extra things, and suddenly something appeared in his mind. A text appeared in his mind, and the beginning of the text was just four big words "jade halal formula".

Di Ping was overjoyed. It turned out that the jade halal formula had just come into his mind from the jade piece. Only then did he realize that the pain in his head was caused by the introduction of this skill script into his mind. But is this learning method too weird? Di Ping was still in a state of apprehension.

He put down his disordered mind and concentrated on checking the jade purity formula that he had just got in his mind. After seeing this, he knew that the jade halal formula was a skill for cultivating spirit, which was divided into nine levels.

Each layer of spiritual strength is greatly strengthened. When the spiritual strength is strong, not only the five senses can be changed, but also the mysterious and powerful secret method of spiritual attack can be cultivated.

This reminds him of the mutant bee that he met before, and the powerful invisible attack still scares him.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!