Chapter 192

"No, it's a good name, but I'm going to use another one!"

Di Ping suddenly raised his voice and said, "no" shocked everyone. What is the good name? But di Ping's leading position is indisputable. Everyone stops talking and stares at him, hoping to hear what name he will use.

"The city of refuge!"

Di Ping raised his head and looked at all the people with firm eyes. He spat out four words word by word, which shocked the whole conference hall.

"The city of refuge?"

"What's the meaning of this name? How can you feel a little different?"

"Di Corps may have its own consideration!"

All the people in the meeting hall were stunned when they heard the four words uttered by Di Ping, and then they talked in a low voice. It seemed that they did not understand why Di Ping used the name.

"The city of refuge, as its name implies, is a place of refuge. I have no high ideals, no ambition to save the world, and no lofty idea of establishing the people of our country. What I want is to build a safe shelter for human beings, to protect their safe existence, and to keep a fire for mankind in this last world!"

Di Ping's voice was deep and sad, and the more he said it, the more excited he was. His voice was full of excitement and infection: "I believe that the city of shelter will always stand here. It will become the safest city of mankind and the holy land of human heart. It will guide more human beings to survive in this mutation."

"Good! Good city of shelter

Han Zhongguo stood up excitedly, and his shouts of dancing seemed not enough to express his excitement.

"The city of shelter..."

"the city of shelter..."

"the city of shelter..."

"the city of shelter..."

everyone was infected by Di Ping. They all stood up and yelled at their new names. After listening to di Ping's analysis, they all thought that this name was the most suitable one. Di Ping sat quietly on his seat, and he was also in a difficult mood.

He was named because of the system. He grew up because of the shelter system. He could not take away the credit of the system. The most important thing was that he wanted to give his relatives and friends a safe place to live.

But he also has a wild vision and a strong system. He can't do it in the end, so he's too sorry for this system.

He already has a vague base development line in his heart, but it is not mature now, he can't tell people.

After more than a dozen shouts, the crowd stopped under the sign of Di Ping's wave, but their faces were still excited and excited, and their faces were full of hope smile. It seemed that the darkness had passed and the dawn had arrived, and the city of refuge had become famous all over the world.

"Let's name the city of refuge as the base and start the next topic."

Di Ping's eyes swept over the crowd and confirmed the name of the base. Then he said with a smile: "as for my address, I think it's better to call me Di Ping. Isn't it unified? It's too much trouble to call others! "

"What's the matter? It's a mess? There should be some rules and regulations! "

Han Zhongguo didn't wait for Di Ping to drop his voice and immediately objected. He is an official, and the peer level cares most. Do you dare to call the name of the superior leader?

That's not a mess. We still have to talk about the dignity and inferiority. Although people in the society say that everyone is equal by removing the rank, everyone knows the real inequality.

Especially in this troubled times, people's hearts are broken. Without the suppression of laws and regulations, many evils in human nature will emerge one after another. At this time, it is even more necessary to have a strong rule and leadership to re-establish the rules. If the person in charge of a base like Di Ping is called by his name everywhere, how much dignity does he have?

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!