Chapter 191

"Good! Miss Liu said it very well. Anyone who has an idea can put it forward! "

Di Ping smiles at Liu Bingyu, nods his head and praises him. Then he looks at all the people and asks.

"All right! Let's discuss the points raised today! Name the base first

Seeing that all the people were far away, di Ping knew that there would not be too many opinions for a while. He could only find that he was improving later. So he stopped asking more questions and let him discuss the several questions raised before.

"I think it can be called Zhongzhou city!"

Said the fat man in a loud voice.

"Not good!"

Li Sheng objected with a straight face on the spot.

"You say that's not good? All right! Then you're dead faced and think about it! "

The fat man quit at that time, staring at Li shengnu and swearing.

"No!"

Li Sheng still spits out a word with a straight face.

"I wipe it!"

The fat man almost vomited blood. He got up late and wanted to rush up and beat Li Sheng.

Everyone laughed, and di Ping also felt a smile. He didn't see them bickering for a few days. Li Sheng loved to fight with the fat man, but the fat man couldn't fight him. He often cried out in anger.

"Our community is called Lvyuan District, it's better to call it Lvyuan base!"

At this time, ye Luxi, who had been joking with Ningnan Liu Bingyu, suddenly said with a smile. She may have just said it casually. Unexpectedly, she was not heard by all the people. All her eyes immediately looked at her, which made her smile and spit out her tongue.

"Is that too straightforward? It's not as good as Zhongzhou! "

After listening to Ye Lu's name, fat man doesn't fight with Li Sheng. He stares at Ye Lu with disdain.

"Fat man, I feel good! What's the matter? It's not your name! Your whole family is white....

although Ye Lu said it casually, she stopped immediately after hearing the words that the fat man despised, and glared at the fat man and scolded.

"It's hard to hear! Too low

Fat people are not good at picking on each other's lips without waiting for their voices to land.

Ye Lu is going to stand up and fight with the fat man, but he is pulled by the Ning Nan on the side. This is white. The fat man sits down with a resentful look.

"What about the city of light?"

At this time, Xu Sheng, the leader of the first team of the three captains, said in a tentative tone.

"I'm still storm city? The game has also been sorted out! "

I don't know what medicine the fat man took today. He picked up Xu Sheng as soon as his voice dropped. However, he was right. The city of light always felt like the name of a game. Xu Sheng was not talking any more. He lowered his head and didn't know whether he was thinking about other names.

In fact, many people have thought of using this name in their hearts, but when the fat man said that he was even more embarrassed to say it. For a moment, there was silence in the conference room, and everyone was thinking about what name to use. It was like giving a name to a child, thinking that it could be used but not at all. It was very difficult to choose.

"How about a city of dawn?"

It seems that after thinking for a long time, Lu Guoliang looked up and said.

"Good! That's a good name

Han Zhongguo clapped his hands and exclaimed happily, his face excited!

"That's a good name!"

"I think it's good too!"

After listening to Lu Guoliang's name, the meeting room was full of discussions. Most of them said that the name was good, and they were all laughing and joking, but di Ping didn't say anything. The name had a good intention and was full of hope. However, di pingjue didn't finish expressing his ideas. He had already thought about it in his heart.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!