Chapter 194

"Another medical service is set up, which is mainly responsible for the treatment of diseases and pain in the base. A director, Ning Nan, and a deputy director, Ye Lu, are also set up!"

When Liu Bingyu slowly sat down, Diping then appointed!

"Yes, the city Lord!"

Ning Nan is as simple as ever, as if there is no accident in the appointment of Diping. When Diping finishes, she stands up and responds quietly.

"Ah! And me! Can I do it? "

Ye Lu didn't seem to have his job, and then she cried out, but immediately thought that it was a meeting and hurriedly covered her mouth!

"As long as willing to heart must be able, will not learn more and Ning Nan!"

Diping looked at the screamed Ye Lu, said softly with a smile, he had a good feeling for the girl who had the sunshine, and felt that she was a very sunny and young girl.

But ye Lu seemed to be frightened too much last time, very exclusive to himself, never to get close to himself, which made him very depressed.

"Oh! All right! "

Ye Lu also peeps at everyone to see themselves, spits out the fragrant tongue, and then nods and sits down.

"Establish a new operations office, mainly responsible for the management of base combat team, external operations and base security! There is a director, I am also appointed, and two chief of staff, respectively, Chengchao and luguoliang! "

Diping looked at Ye Lu and sat down, smiled slightly, and then looked right, and looked at the crowd with a serious look, and said in a deep voice.

The combat department is the organization that manages military power. Dipine does not put force into the hands of others. Don't say he loves power, it is you.

"Yes! The two men heard that Diping appointed him to stand up immediately and learned how to respect the military ceremony of Han Zhongguo to Diping.

"Five major teams are established, each team is 100 people, and there are ten teams under it. The team leader is elected by the team leader. The first team leader is Xu Sheng, the second-class captain Zhang Liang, the third team leader fengziming, the fourth team leader Li Sheng and the fifth team leader Chen Gang! The first to third teams are unchanged, and the four and five teams are reorganized to recruit 100 teams! "

Di equality sat down and appointed.

"Yes..." "

five people heard the appointment of dipin, and Hula stood up. The fat man was excited. He didn't even get to be an official. He didn't think much. The captain has made him very satisfied!

Li Sheng was still calm. As long as Diping appointed him to do anything, the three captains were happy. They thought their team would be disrupted and their rights would be handed over. They didn't expect to change. This made them down. After all, if the team had just taken it, they had to get familiar with it again. It would take a lot of effort.

"Sit down!"

Dipine waved to sit down and then said, "set up special teams, which are composed of potential changing people. The members are Owen, Moke, buggy and Gina. Owen is the captain, and the special team is directly responsible for me, and the five teams are in charge of training tasks!"

"It's the master!"

Owen several stood up and saluted dipine respectfully.

"Ha ha! Call me the Lord of the city later! I'm a little bit out of habit to call the master! "

"And dipine said to the five with a smile.

"Yes, only at the command of the master!"

The four men bow again, and look excited, but more respectful.

"Why didn't Shujie come here?"

Diping bowed his head and thought, or looked at liubingyu three women asked.

"Sister Yu is not well asleep. I don't think she has a bad face to let her come!"

Liu Bingyu has not spoken yet, Ning Nan looks at di Ping calmly and says quietly, and at the same time, she has a deep and meaningful look in her eyes, but he doesn't think much about it.

"Oh! Then you can see, don't wait for illness. ""

Diping knows what happened, but he has to say that after listening to Ning Nan, he has to say so. Then he talks about it. Then he goes on to say, "there is an agricultural department under the Department, which is mainly responsible for the reclamation and cultivation of the base land. There is a director, and Yu Shujie is the chief. You can go back and talk to her!"

"Good city Lord!"

Ning Nan should speak.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!