Chapter 195

"Now the responsibilities are divided. The personnel needed in each place are selected by themselves, and each management staff is limited to 10. If necessary, apply to me again. I hope you will do your best to build our base!"

Di Ping does not want to do more entanglement on this issue, looking at all people, serious eyes said.

"The Lord of the city

Everyone agrees that it should be.

"All the labor force will be recruited from the base personnel. You will be given two days' time. After three days, the distribution system will be implemented according to the labor intensity. The specific remuneration standard will be customized according to the labor intensity, and then it will be reported for approval. The elderly over 65 years old and children under 14 years old will be provided with food free of charge every day. The Ministry of civil affairs will make a list of the list and set the supply amount, and then report it together."

"Yes! I start counting in the evening! "

Han Zhongguo took his notes and nodded.

"From tomorrow, the construction department should step up the construction of the external walls, heighten and thicken the external walls, and remove all the weeds and trees that affect the road in the base!"

After the task of the Civil Affairs Department was arranged, di Ping arranged the task in the Construction Department of LUOQUAN.

"Good! Lord, i... I'll arrange it tomorrow! "

Lao Luo was sweating nervously and remembering.

"City Lord, how to arrange the meals for the base at night?"

At this time, Liu Bingyu of the logistics department stood up and asked in a soft voice.

"Ha ha! Today is a happy event. The two armies join forces. Let's stew beef and drink broth, so that everyone can have a good sleep and have a good meal! "

Di Ping looked at the crowd and laughed.

"Ouch... Long live the Lord!"

The conference room suddenly burst out a thunderous roar, one by one jumping and shouting with joy.

"Ha ha! It's a bunch of food! "

Di Ping looked at the excited people are also very happy, ha ha, laughing and scolding.

In the evening, the lights were bright in the castle, and hundreds of soldiers gathered in the dining room on the second floor to eat together. Except for the officers on duty, all the combat members arrived. The scene was very lively. The broth in the restaurant was fragrant, and the team members were holding bowls to eat.

Not only these team members, but all the people in the base are holding bowls, drinking hot broth and eating steamed bread. Don't mention how happy the whole base is like celebrating the lunar new year.

At the same time, a large table was set up in the small restaurant on the third floor. The whole class had arrived at the meeting just now. There was a simple but realistic dish on the table. In the center was a stewed beef in a big iron basin.

Iron basin is usually used at home wash basin, absolutely big enough, at this time is steaming hot, around the iron basin also placed five or six pots of various dishes, cold and hot, red and green look at the taste of the mouth.

What's more, there were five or six bottles of white wine and two bottles of red wine on the table. People were salivating. Han Zhongguo clapped his hands in a hurry. He wanted to jump on the table now, but dipin didn't sit in, so they could only watch.

"Well! Look, everyone is hungry. Let's have a good drink tonight and treat them! "

Di Ping looked at the crowd's greedy smile, and then took the chair, and then a group of people regardless of the order, flocked up. Fortunately, there were a large number of tables, enough for 25 people. Now, with Barton, there are only 19 people, each of them has a seat. But Barton refused to sit down. He said that there would be more seats for him, so he didn't squeeze into each seat Sit down, as soon as you get into the seat, your hand grabs chopsticks and is ready to eat meat at any time.

Han Zhongguo grabbed the wine bottle and began to pour wine. He sat beside Di Ping and filled it with a small glass of two or two, and then filled it one by one. Several people who were far away also grabbed the bottle on the table and began to pour wine. Suddenly, the room was filled with wine.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!