Chapter 199

There is also an advantage of strong mental power, that is, the control of the body will be strengthened, and the spiritual realm will be higher, so that there will be no situation of being possessed by demons due to insufficient state.

In the book, Diping only knew that his previous performance was possessed by the devil. The reason is that his mental strength is not enough to control the whole body.

His strength is increased but his control is not strong, and his spirit is not enough to resist all kinds of disturbances. He is easily possessed by demons. After learning this skill, Diping can quickly upgrade his level without worrying about his realm.

Di Ping was a little excited, and his heart beat faster. He thought that with this skill, he would be able to upgrade quickly, become strong as soon as possible, and go back to pick up his parents as soon as possible, so as to protect his relatives and survive in such an end of life.

After a long time, di Ping calmed down and focused on the skill. There were not many words in the skill. There were only more than 10000 words. He finished reading it in a short time. He was disappointed. He only had the first three levels of the nine level skill, but he didn't have the last one. He complained that the system didn't give the whole skill?

However, he didn't know that the first three layers were also the things that countless people wanted to rob for their lives. He could get the first three layers, which had been burned by his ancestors for 18 generations. Only later did he know how valuable this skill was, but it was only later.

The purpose of Di Gang's meditation method is to observe the effect of calming the mind before and after the practice of calming the mind.

After reading the opening chapter, di Ping began to take a close look at the cultivation methods of the first level of skills. The first level of skills was only a thousand words, which was very detailed and not so complicated. It seemed that it was specially translated into plain Chinese so that he could understand it very clearly. The first level was the method of visualizing the heavenly gate. He imagined that he was in a crystal world, and his body was becoming transparent and transparent under the influence of crystal energy People.

Di Ping sat cross legged according to the opening method, but this cross sitting puzzled him. The five heart upward posture requires the head and the heart, the hands and the feet in the sky. He fiddled with it for a long time. Fortunately, he was flexible enough to put it into place. After putting it into practice, he should be calm, pure, free of delusions and thoughts.

This made Di Ping more difficult. After a long time, he couldn't calm down. Every time he closed his eyes and meditated for five seconds, he began to wander.

The more you can't enter the state of meditation, the more you can't be quiet.

Finally, Diping became anxious, and his mind could not concentrate any more. He knew that he was not suitable to practice any more, and he could not enter the state after practice. He had no choice but to put down some numb legs in the tray seat. He did not think that the first step would make him difficult here.

In fact, it is quite normal that people in modern society receive too much information. As the old saying goes, delusion is born of greed, and wandering starts from unconscious. Now people think too much, desire too much, and think more, so it is really difficult to meditate.

Di Ping took out a cigarette and smoked a cigarette, which calmed his mood. Then he took out the green steel sword from the back of his bag. He didn't have the mood to practice. He saw how a battle axe he got. When he started with the axe, he felt that his hand was heavy. With his current strength, he could know that the weight of the battle axe was not light.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!