Chapter 196

"Let's go first, to those of us who can come together in the end of the world."

When everyone poured the wine, even four women also poured the wine. Diping took up the wine cup, looked at the crowd and said with a smile.

"Good! Drink

Han Zhongguo's voice is the biggest. He drinks with his glass!

"Drink

Everyone raised their glasses, raised their glasses and cried out in unison.

"Drink

Di Ping is also very high, a big drink, a whole cup of wine into the import.

"Cool! Ha ha....

feeling the hot wine flowing down his throat, a real feeling of being alive surged into Diping's heart. He put the wine glass on the table heavily, lifted his head and drank a lot. Then he laughed.

"Cool! ... "

it seems that they were infected by dipin. They poured the wine into the mouth, and then they knocked their cups and yelled loudly.

"Cough..."

it seems that for the first time, Ye Lu took a sip of wine, but she coughed repeatedly, and her face turned red. Ning Nan quickly patted her back, causing people to laugh and the scene became lively.

"Ha ha... Eat!"

Di Ping also shakes his head, laughs and greets people, then picks up chopsticks and picks up a piece of meat.

"Eat meat!"

People saw that di Ping took the lead to clip the meat pieces, and immediately screamed out his chopsticks to grab the meat. For a moment, the cups and plates rang disorderly.

Barton had already poured the wine for Diping. He didn't want to sit down. He had to wait on him. Diping couldn't help but follow him. After Han Zhongguo ate two mouthfuls of meat, he poured the wine in a hurry. He had better wine than good meat!

Pour on the wine and di Ping touch wine, so on the table for a while push cup change, drink very lively.

Di Ping's drinking capacity is too large. He has a kilo of his stomach, but there is nothing wrong with him. Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang have good drinking capacity. Now they are only slightly drunk, while the others are not. Owen's recruitment heroes are drinking the wine of the earth for the first time, and they are also too drunk to drink. They are a little dizzy.

While drinking Di Ping and observing with her eyes, he found that Yu Shujie has been holding her baby and feeding her children with her head down from the beginning to now. However, she seldom eats and her expression on her face is always gloomy.

She always refused to look up at di Ping's direction, and Liu Bingyu and her three people talked to her from time to time. She just nodded slightly, always forced to smile, but did not speak much.

Seeing these, di Ping was not happy in his heart, but he did not know how to face Yu Shujie. Obviously, the woman still remembered her man in her heart. Although she may have her own heart, she still can't get the upper hand, which makes him a little depressed.

What's more, he doesn't know what mentality to face Yu Shujie. If it's just a tool to vent, but he can't do it yet. If he's a lover, he can't stand that the woman loves another man more.

With a sigh, she took up her glass and drank it out. It seemed that the heat could relieve his boredom. But someone had been watching the whole thing. This woman was Liu Bingyu.

She felt something wrong when she saw Yu Shujie come back today. She felt as if she had lost her soul. She was extremely depressed, as if she had lost her motivation to live.

She thought that it was dipin who had done something too much, which made her very angry. She wanted to go to di Ping for theory, but on second thought, she felt that things were wrong.

She knew that Yu Shujie was very concerned about Di Ping. Again, today she saw the naked thin silk pajamas that Yu Shujie was wearing. She entered the tower of the city happily. The pajamas made him blush and heartbeat.

From this point of view, there should be no need for Deping to use strong, she will also fall on the bed.

So she told Ning Nan about it. They thought it was not so. They just didn't know what the situation was. She asked Yu Shujie, but she refused to say anything.

But today, with cold eyes, she felt that there must be something hidden. She saw that there was a trace of concern about the disappointment in dipin's eyes, which made her more confused about what happened between the two people.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!