Chapter 201

Bring the dark steel Tomahawk back to the knapsack with bushediping. It's eleven o'clock.

He was surprised. He didn't expect that he had spent so much time learning jade pure formula. He opened the door and went out. He had something to do tonight.

The warehouse can be built for a long time, but he has no chance outside. At the same time, he has a guess whether the market and workshop can appear after the warehouse construction is completed, but this guess can only be known after the warehouse is completed.

At this time, the castle was completely quiet. Only the lights were on in the corridor, but it was still very bright. Diping went through the corridor and came to the castle hall. At this time, the gate was tightly closed, and there were two watchmen at the gate.

They were talking about something in a low voice, and from time to time they also gave out low laughter. When they heard the sound of footsteps, they looked up and looked at di Ping. Their faces changed, and they quickly stood up and became upright.

"Come on! You two pretend to be alone, as long as you keep an eye on it, don't be lazy and fall asleep

Di Ping looked at him and said with a smile.

"Haha! Don't worry, Diego. We can't miss it

The two men were embarrassed and said with a smile that they were all people from the original base. They were called dipin Digo. They were just appointed as the city Lord in the evening. These people must not know.

"Well! That's good. Open the door! I'm going out for a minute

Dipin nodded and said to them.

"Is Diego out this evening?"

One felt a little puzzled about what Dee wanted to do so late. Just as soon as he said it, he was pulled by the people on the edge. He immediately understood that what Dicke wanted to do was what he should ask himself.

"Diego, I'll open the door!"

Another person pulled his partner and ran to open the door.

"Creak"

the door opened slowly. Di Ping nodded to them slightly, and then walked out.

"I don't know what Dickie's up to this night?"

Just asked the team members looked at di Ping into the dark background shadow, full of doubt said.

"Pa..." and he said, "is it something you can do with Diego? Be smart next time, and don't let me down if you want to die? "

At this time, his partner just closed the door and slapped him on the forehead angrily.

"Why hit me? I think Di Ping people are very kind-hearted. They are not frightening at all. What are you afraid of him for? "

The beaten young player touched his head and asked.

"What do you know! You didn't see the horror of Dick killing mutant animals. Did you hear that Diego killed people

The old team member tried to keep his voice down for fear that others might hear him. He was obviously following the old man of Diping and had seen him kill the mutant beast.

"Really! Did Diego ever kill people? How can he kill

The young player looked at the old player with unbelievable eyes and exclaimed.

"Keep it down! You want to die? "

The old player covered the mouth of the young player, and murmured angrily. At the same time, his eyes were looking around in panic until he saw no one.

"Lui Ge, are you so afraid of provoking him?"

The young player was scared by the man who called him brother Lu. Seeing that he looked frightened, he didn't understand why he was so afraid.

"What do you know! Diego is a good man, he killed all the people who should be killed. I am not afraid of him, but respect. Do you understand

Lu Ge looked at the young man and scolded.

"Lui Ge, tell me what's going on. I don't know?"

The young man has just joined. He really doesn't know about dipin. Moreover, it seems that the young people should still be in University. They know the cruelty of the world.

"Well, I'll talk to you!"

Lugo sighed a long time, and then told the story to the young people one by one.

"How can people do this? How can this be done? "

After hearing this, the young man began to cry and murmured to himself. His eyes were full of gloom, and he seemed to have been greatly shocked.

"Human life in the last days is as cheap as grass. We are lucky to have Diego, or we don't know where to die now!"

Lugo sighed at the young man's appearance.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!