Chapter 4

At noon, di Ping had a quick meal, and the system couldn't be turned on. He didn't know what to look for. He could only wander around the room, watching TV, listening to experts' bragging, reading books and looking out of the window.

"What a boring day!" Di Ping sighed.

It seems that I haven't been so free for a long time. In the past, I spent every day in a busy life. I have very little leisure time. I only read books and play games when I can't sleep at night. It's really rare that I have nothing to do all day.

It was getting dark outside, and all the food collectors came back. Suddenly, the whole community was quiet and frightening. Di Ping always felt that something was missing, which seemed different from usual.

"It's a bird!" Di Ping suddenly said, as if he didn't hear a bird call today. Usually, he couldn't sleep late because of the early bird call. But when it was getting dark at night, groups of birds were playing in the community, but today they didn't hear a song. Isn't it abnormal?

"Ah! What a big mouse Suddenly someone screamed in horror.

Di Ping quickly turned over and ran to the window and looked downstairs.

It turned out that several cleaning workers were weeding the grass downstairs. The grass was too thick. On this day, they just cleaned up the road. At the beginning of the building, the weeding machine just pushed, and several animals came out of the grass. After a closer look, they found that they were big rats, mice the size of cats. These mice were not afraid of human beings. They were red eyed, squealing and looking at several people.

Di Ping stretched out his head to see this scene, and was also surprised. His guess really came true. When he saw the TV broadcast in the morning, he caught a cat sized mouse in several places. He thought that since the plants had such amazing changes, could animals also change? It's just that he comforted himself at that time, or maybe it was just an example.

When looking at the cat like mice, appeared in their own field of vision, dipin finally gave up the last trace of fantasy, the end of the earth really came.

"Squeak..." with the continuous squeak, suddenly a dozen mice ran out from all directions, and more than one of these mice did not seem to be afraid of people, squeaking to several cleaners downstairs.

"Ah..." The nearest man, an uncle in his 50s, was knocked down by two mice before he could run. His sharp teeth were biting wildly. Blood flew wildly and screamed incessantly.

The others were so scared that they turned around and wanted to run. However, the speed of human beings was as fast as that of mice. Before they ran into the building holes, they were drowned by more than a dozen mice. For a moment, screams resounded through the whole community. From time to time, huge mice came out of the grass and rushed to the building.

Di Ping only felt his scalp numb and his stomach churned. He watched a man gnawed into a bloody skeleton by several mice. The visual impact was so strong that he could no longer help running to the bathroom and vomit.

At this time, suddenly, screams began to appear in the building. It seemed that a mouse rushed into the room. Di Ping was shocked and didn't care to vomit. He rushed to the door and moved a sofa to the door. Although the door was strong, he didn't dare to bet that the mouse's teeth would not bite.

After blocking the door, Diping ran to the window again and pulled up the curtain, and the light was off. He was afraid that the mouse would look for it.

"Bang" suddenly the door was knocked down.

Di Ping was surprised. He stood at the door and didn't dare to move. It seemed that the mouse had already rushed to the top floor. If he heard something moving in the room, he might rush in.

After a while, there was another sound. It seemed that the door of the neighbor on the left was knocked.

"Bang... Bang..." and then the mouse seemed to hit the neighbor's door like crazy. It should be heard that someone was inside.

Fortunately, the door used by developers is really good. At the beginning, there was one in the advertisement. The door was made of thickened alloy, which can prevent bombs. No matter whether the advertisement is true or not, the big mouse hit a dozen times and didn't open it. However, it seemed that the head still hurt and rustled away.

Diping didn't dare to move. The mouse was very clever. I was afraid that it would come back again. After five or six minutes, he did not hear the sound in the corridor. Then he sat down on the sofa and let out a long breath.

I don't know how many floors downstairs may be attacked by rats. After a few shrill screams, they gradually become quiet. The sky outside is getting darker and darker, while the people living in the building are sinking in their hearts. No one expected that one day they would be chased and bitten by a cat size mouse. Is this still a naturally timid rat?

In the building, except for a few mahas who were attacked by rats, most of the houses were closed and did not dare to make a sound. This time, the solid door played a key role.

"Bang Bang..." in the distance, the gunfire came from the city.

"It should have been the police who shot the rats!" Di Ping guessed.

The sound of the gun did not ring for long, and soon it gradually died down. It seems that rats have become a disaster, and no longer afraid of people, but also become a terrible creature.

Di Ping sat quietly on the sofa, empty in his heart, and he didn't know what to think. Outside, there were broken glass and human screams from time to time. It should be that the balcony in the villa area was too low. The mouse broke the glass and rushed in. It was originally a symbol of high-grade house wealth, but now it has become Cui's life charm.

In recent years, Diping has experienced many unexpected hardships, but after all, he is just an ordinary young man. In front of the events beyond human cognition, he becomes very helpless. His mind is blank. Listening to the screams outside, his mind trembles. But he can do nothing, nothing, even he can not save himself, even this door I dare to step out.Although he has a system, he doesn't know what the crystal core in the open condition is now. When he goes there, he can't use it with golden fingers. It's just like he was holding out for a large size, and there is a toilet in front of him, but someone is blocking you. What kind of flavor do you say.

It was a very painful night. Dipin sat quietly on the sofa behind the door, motionless, listening to the screams from outside, or the frequent gunshots from far away, so he could not sleep at ease, so he sat there; his eyes were a little red.

Looking at the curtain outside, the sky began to dim, the mouse seemed to retreat, the community was very quiet, di Ping rubbed, red and dry eyes, washed his face in the bathroom, fortunately, the tap water was still normal, there was no interruption of supply.

Quietly open the curtain and peep out, the trees outside the building seem to have grown a lot, and the weeds in front of the building are also more luxuriant. During the day, the place flattened by cleaning and cleaning is growing again. Last night, the blood stains all over the ground are covered by the thick grass.

"Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof.

Di Ping was frightened. The dog's barking was unusual and loud. Accompanied by a low hissing, the dog's heart became dull. It was like the roar of a lion on the grassland.

"Did the dog mutate? Maybe I didn't see any dogs running outside today? " Di Ping suddenly realized the seriousness of the problem, but there are many families in this community have dogs, there are many super large dogs.

Di Ping scolded in his heart, but at the same time, it's hard to say that the door can block the mice, but it's hard to say whether it can block the mutant dog.

"Wang... Ah... Help!" After a while, the whole building was in disorder. Dogs barked and people screamed one after another. From time to time, someone yelled for help, opened the door and ran out.

Di Ping secretly opened the curtain and looked down. There were five or six people running out of the building, men and women. They were all in the same building. Sometimes, di Ping could meet them. They were all dog owners. They often saw walking dogs in the community. They were all covered with blood. They ran to the outside crazily.

Suddenly, three dogs came out of the corridor. If they were still dogs, they were good enough to be 1.5 meters high, and a pine lion was almost one meter high. All the three dogs were red eyes and their fangs were exposed, and they jumped up quietly. The dogs ran fast. The five people just ran a few steps, and three of them were knocked down by three mutant dogs.

As soon as the mutant dog pounced on it, it bit into the neck of a person. For a moment, blood spattered and screamed incessantly. The two middle-aged men in front of him ran forward without looking back. One of the mutant big ha bit a few bites, which seemed to be not satisfying. He loosened his mouth, raised his blood red eyes and stared at the two people running into the grass. Suddenly, he gave a low roar and ran into the grass like a flash.

The other two mutant dogs just looked up at them, biting the people on the ground, tearing off a piece of meat and eating it, and the people on the ground twitched unconsciously. Diping could not help but look at the bloody scene, and his voice became hard. He turned and ran into the bathroom and vomited. He didn't eat in the morning. He couldn't spit anything, but his mouth was bitter.

"Bang..." Di Ping smashed the toilet several times, and his heart was extremely painful. Although these people had nothing to do with themselves, when he saw that human beings became the food of mutant animals, he could not help hating and angry.

People were frightened by the mutant mice all night, thinking that the mice would retreat in the daytime and slow down their breath. Unexpectedly, more terrible things came. Dogs also mutated and were more ferocious than rats. There should be dozens of dogs in the whole community. If all of them were mutated, would human beings still have a way to live?

The entire community, from time to time came a variation of the dog's roar and human continuous scream, has been continued at noon, only gradually quiet down.

Di Ping's hair was dishevelled, his face was blue, and his body was a little trembling. Sitting on the ground against the sofa, he was really afraid and didn't know what to do. Is there any way for people to live in such an environment? Can I live? Can I walk home? Can parents hold on to that time?

He kept asking himself, but he had no answer. The more he asked, the more painful he was, the more worried he was. At this moment, he was like a lonely and helpless child, crying in a low voice; he had not shed tears for many years, but today he cried, unable to cry.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!