Chapter 9

Di Ping Xin made a map again. He used to walk these roads before, so he was familiar with them. He should not go wrong. So he took back his eyes and nodded at Wang Delin, saying that he was OK.

"Are we all here?" Wang Delin received Di Ping's sign, nodded his head, turned around and looked around people.

"We are all here!" At this time, the white faced middle-aged man who opened the door to di Ping yesterday looked at the paper with the names of the people in his hands.

"Good to go Wang Delin waved his hand in high spirits, and then looked at the four Di Ping people, "I hope some brothers have worked hard to lead the way!"

Di Ping did not answer, but nodded his head and took the lead to walk out. Chen Gang was still the same as before, smiling and nodding. Li Sheng and Luo Laoge, a migrant worker, had little expression on their faces. After seeing Wang Delin, they walked out after Di Ping.

The four of Di Ping went down the stairs first and looked around carefully. At last, they found that there was something wrong with them, so they continued to walk out. The path between the corridors was completely invisible, and they could only distinguish the outline of the way out from the slightly lower grass of the path leader. They walked onto the path and followed a group of people with various weapons in their hands, including kitchen knives, sticks and a big one Ma is holding a toilet with a water drawer. She looks nervous and looks around. Can people rely on the spectrum? Does the mutant need you to open the sewer for him?

Di Ping looked back and almost didn't laugh. He thought, auntie, can you be more funny? The fat man Chen Gang seemed to see the forbearance expression on di Ping's face. Looking back, he couldn't help laughing. Thinking that it might be wrong, he quickly covered his mouth. Li Sheng and brother Luo took a look at Chen Gang, but they didn't know why. So they looked around nervously and followed Di Ping.

Only Di Ping and Chen Gang looked at each other with a smile. Everything was in silence. This seemed to dilute the haze in di Ping's heart, and his mood was not as tense as at the beginning.

The grass on the path has gone beyond the knee. The grass on the road is more than one meter deep. When the wind blows, people feel flustered. It seems that there are wild beasts hidden in the deep grass. Diping cocked up his ears and carefully watched the movement around him. The sword had come out of the sheath and was inclined against his shoulder, so that he could take out the sword at any time.

Fortunately, only to walk out of the community did not appear any danger, but the four people are indeed sweating. It's really too brave to explore the road in such an environment.

After the large forces gathered at the door again, Wang Delin also caught up with him. Seeing his sympathy was also wet, it was not easy to think about it. Facing the unknown danger, not everyone could face it calmly.

"It's safe! Everyone is here Wang Delin said to Diping as he walked and wiped his sweat.

Although it's the first time today, it's not sultry at all, and there's a breeze that's refreshing, but the sweat doesn't stop.

"Well, let's go." Di Ping also dare not delay, listen to the way Wang Delin said people to Qi immediately said.

"It may be difficult to walk down the road. Be careful!" Wang Delin looked at the thick woods outside the eye area. A trace of fear flashed in his eyes. His face turned white and he whispered to di Ping.

"Go Di Ping nodded his head, waved to three people and took the lead to walk outside the community.

The original broad road outside the community is completely occupied by trees. The landscape trees planted on both sides are now as low as 50 meters. Some of them are fast and nearly 100 meters long. The two people with thick trees can't hold each other. The vigorous and thick rhizomes pull the 50 cm thick road apart and break up, and the weeds grow thickly from the broken place.

In front of him were thick weeds and huge trees, as if he were in a primeval forest, and a breath of famine came to his face. Di Ping could not help but fight a cold war, and the chill in his heart also rose abruptly to his head.

It is difficult to walk on the road. Although the road is difficult to walk, it is still good that the outline of the road is still there. In most places, the cement is relatively thick, weeds can not grow, and people can walk. A group of people carefully touch forward, and more than 100 people are silent, like a quiet army.

"Wang Wang ···" all the way carefully out of the nearly two kilometers, immediately can enter the ring road, at this time suddenly came the dog barking in front, suddenly scared the people out of their wits.

As soon as di Pingmeng heard the barking of the dog, he was also very excited. He was really afraid of anything. He was a little relaxed when he was safe all the way. Who thought this would happen.

"Hide!" Dipin had no time to think about it. When he called the three people to hide behind several scrapped vehicles on the road, he turned back and made a gesture to the army more than 30 meters behind them.

All of a sudden, there were a lot of abandoned cars on the side of the road to hide their body shape. Fortunately, there were many abandoned cars on the road, and people could be hidden behind the big trees and in the wild grass.

Seeing that all the people were hiding well, Diping turned his face and looked forward nervously.

"Woof... Woof..." barking is getting closer and more urgent. It is not too far away from here. I believe you can see it in a moment.

Sure enough, in less than a minute, more than a dozen giant mutant dogs appeared more than 200 meters away from the crowd. These mutant dogs were chasing and biting a goat deer. The goat was also mutated, like a horse. It was almost as tall as an adult, but more than a dozen of them were not good for each other. Some of them were bigger than goats. These ten mutant dogs were like a litter of mad dogs, constantly rushing up and biting, The goat was scarred and bloody, and could not run away.The goat kept waving its horns on its head, sweeping out one mutant dog, but other mutant dogs rushed up again. The killing power of the horns was too weak. The mutant dogs that flew out turned over and tore again. Soon the goat fell into the pool of blood, and a dozen of them rushed up to grab meat.

Looking at a large group of tall mutant dogs, dipin also felt dyspnea. The three people around him were even more unbearable. The fat man was already fat, sweating constantly, and his legs were shaking. The other two were almost the same. Their hands shaking with arms, sweat dripping down his forehead, and his clothes were all wet.

The crowd 30 meters away from the back also saw the situation here. They were all shaking with fear. Some of the timid people were unable to urinate. Some women even started to cry in a low voice, thinking that they were afraid of being heard. They covered their mouths with their hands tightly to keep their voices from coming out.

"No problem!" Although he had been strengthened twice, he was not crazy enough to think that he could deal with such a mutant dog. Just looking at the giant mutant dog which was about to be adult high, he made his legs and stomach spin! I recited amitov in my heart, and the heaven greatly blessed these mutant dogs to eat and leave.

"Whoa ·" at this time, suddenly, I don't know whose baby's parents may become nervous and cause them to cry.

"Shit, it's broken!" Di Ping scolded secretly in his heart, and was frightened out of a cold sweat by this cry.

Maybe it's the mother of the child. She wakes up immediately and covers her child's mouth. It's too late.

It's over Di Ping was staring at the front, and sure enough, the hearing of the mutant dog was so good that it could still be heard even though it was only two times. All the mutant dogs looked up at this side.

"Ouch ··" seemed to be a relatively tall mutant dog with a low roar. At once, there were five or six mutant dogs rushing towards this side.

The mutant dog was getting closer and closer, sniffing his nose, as if searching. Diping hid behind the car, holding his sword tightly in his hand, and did not dare to come out of the air, especially the three people around him. At this time, no one dared to look forward to it. He hoped that he could escape, but Diping had misjudged the people's heart. The recent four people here had not collapsed, and the hundred people team 30 meters away from the back actually collapsed first. How many of them People cry, turn around and run, and this run, the crowd in South Africa also can not hold, together with the collapse.

The mutant dog immediately found that, with a low roar, five or six mutant bodies with one bow, four thick limbs slammed on the ground, and their body shape shot out like an arrow to chase the crowd; how fast the mutant dog is like a galloping horse, such as lightning, the human without mutation is its opponent. Before running more than ten steps, the mutant dog catches up with one person behind, falls to the ground and bites at the neck Go ahead.

"Ah..." a scream, he crawled in the pool of blood and twitched. The mutant dog immediately released the sharp mouth of blood dripping and ran after another person.

"Ah... Ah..." soon, five or six of them were knocked to the ground and bitten by the mutant dogs.

"Asshole! The bread in your hand Di Ping secretly scolded, so many people, is really fighting, mutant dog is really not so easy to bite people.

"Wang Wang... Wang..." at this time, the seven or eight mutant dogs that didn't keep up with them also ran after them and joined the chase crowd.

"Dickie, what are we going to do?" At this time, the fat man Chen Gang asked with trembling.

"What to do, run! Can you beat them? " Di Ping gritted his teeth and glanced at Chen Gang's more than 200 Jin hate voice.

No one can save anyone now. Run! Even if he did not have the heart, he would definitely send food to the dog. After that, he turned around and ran to the grass on the side of the road. Chen Gang and Chen Gang also glanced at each other. They saw that the man who had been bitten on the ground by the mutant dog in the distance did not have the courage to stay for a long time. He also followed Di Ping into the grass.

The four men left the road more than 30 meters away and began to walk back carefully. Now they still dare to go to the provincial government. They are simply looking for death. How far out of the door, the whole army will be destroyed. They also go to meet. If they want to carry them early, they will go back. Anyway, he will not go.

There are also many smart people also run into the grass, more people on the road all the way to the direction of the community, sometimes people are so stupid in the face of danger will only run in one direction, do not know the corner, at this time just want to run to their familiar place.

"Ah..." a scream sounded in front of him. Diping just pulled out the grass and saw a mutant dog biting a woman's neck. Hearing the sound, he raised his head just in line with his eyes.

"Damn it!" Di Ping scolded him for his luck.

The mutant dog barked low, bowed, and lunged fiercely at Diping. In an instant, he jumped in front of him. The bloody fangs were clearly visible, and the target was afraid of his neck. At this time, Diping forgot everything and killed the mutant mouse twice. His heart was firm. When he saw the mutant dog, it was too late to swing the sword, and the sword changed into a thorn It's gone.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!