Chapter 3

Di Ping's house is on the top floor or a duplex, which is also close to it. Running down the roof is his own door. He anxiously opens the door, runs into the room, takes the bag on the bed, turns around and runs out, closes the door and quickly opens the elevator downstairs.

At the entrance of the building, many people were still gathering around to look around. Some people were talking loudly, showing how knowledgeable and knowledgeable they were. The security personnel were comforting some people who were too panicked.

No one paid attention to him. Di Ping ran out quickly. After running two steps, he found that the road was gone. The road was covered with green grass, which was more than a foot high. On both sides of the road, a man was almost tall. He thought that the road was paved with bricks and stones, and the grass grew slower.

Along the road, the original flat concrete level road surface of the district is also cracked, and there are clumps of weeds growing in the cracks. He has no time to look carefully. He runs to the door of the community along the road for a while. There is a 24-hour supermarket specially provided by the developer at the gate of the community. The scale is not small, and the materials are very complete.

Di Ping ran to the door and found that the supermarket door was open, and two supermarket employees on duty also stood on the doorstep and looked at the trees around him in a daze. Looking along his eyes, all the grass grew at waist length under the steps. The trees on both sides of the road in front of the door were towering, and the road surface was fine. The cement was thick when the repair was carried out, but it didn't grow much grass. However, it seemed that the two supermarket employees on duty also stood on the doorstep and looked at the trees around them in a daze For the growth of big trees, strong rhizomes have been the top of the road bulging, there is the possibility of rupture at any time.

"Come shopping!" Di Ping didn't have time to look at it. He knew that once people in the community reacted, they would rush to it, and they would be in trouble if they wanted to buy it.

"Ah... Good... Good!" Only then did the two employees wake up with a start.

Di Ping ran into the supermarket and went into the food section. He was quite familiar here. He pulled a car, picked up a few bags of rice and noodles and put them into the car. Oil, salt, milk and chocolate were all thrown into the car. After a while, two trucks were filled and two employees helped push them to the front desk to check out. It was useless for Diping to burst into a fire and everything had to be the same.

The two employees seemed to be affected by the state of Di Ping, and they were also eager to light it. After a while, when the order was finished, more than 3000 yuan, Diping settled the account.

"Come and help me push it back!" Di Ping pushed a car, another one for employees to push, ready to let supermarket employees deliver it.

"I... we have to go to work?" The two employees looked at di Ping, who was full of sweat. They looked at each other and hesitated.

"Five hundred per person!" Di Ping took out a thousand yuan from his bag and threw it on the counter.

"Well! Xiao Chen, you go! "I look at the store," one of the older employees said, looking at the money biting on the counter and a young boy on the edge.

"Good!" The young boy also looked at the money on the counter and replied firmly.

"Easy to go!" Di Ping is no nonsense, push up a car, ask Xiao Chen's boy to push another car, two rush to the community.

The grass seems to grow very luxuriant on the road. It's very hard to push the cart. Diping grits his teeth! Push hard, fortunately, the road is not far, four or five hundred meters, just pushed to the door of the building, the people gathered at the door of the building saw it, and suddenly the eyes were bright.

"Food! yes! We don't have much food in our house. We have to prepare some! " Someone looked at a cart of food pushed by Diping and suddenly said.

Although these people have no sense of survival, they have seen a lot of films about the end of the world, and they all know that food is important. This is a reminder that all of them immediately rush to the upstairs to get the money, and those who take the things take the things. In a blink of an eye, the building is empty.

Di Ping ignored this, and told Xiao Chen to push the car into the corridor. There were two stairs and two households in this building. The elevator was fast. After a while, the two vehicles pushed into the room and fell to the ground. Di Ping and Xiao Chen pushed the car downstairs and prepared to make two more trips.

Diquan rushed back to the supermarket, but it was not until the supermarket was full of people. It was a pity that the supermarket was full of people, but it was not until the supermarket was full of people.

Back home, Diping threw his body into the sofa. He felt tired. Although he usually had exercise, he didn't have this intensity for a long time. Looking at the food all over the ground, he really admired himself.

"Ah..." suddenly, di Ping screamed and jumped out of the sofa. He quickly grabbed the phone on the desk and began to make a call.

Why Di Ping was so nervous was that he suddenly remembered the voice in his mind saying that he would open the eschatological shelter system to meet the end of the world. He did not dare to bet that it was false, and he also suspected that there was evil evidence. However, he remembered that the sound came from the sea of the brain. According to the earth's technology, it seems that there is no such level. If there was such a level, human beings would have walked out of the earth long ago.

He has also seen some eschatological books and movies, and he knows that there will be various dangers in the so-called eschatology. It must be unsafe outside. He was busy snatching food just now. Now he thinks that it is not safe to be inside. He has to call his parents to save them from paying attention to danger. Now that he doesn't know anything outside, he can't go home immediately.

"Beep..." came a call from the phone.

"Dad..." the phone went through, and dipin had some uneasy questions.

"Ping! Why are you free? Are you not busy with your work Father heard Di Ping's voice is a Leng at first, and then immediately some excited asked."Dad, don't ask, listen to me!" Di is afraid of telephone problems, and now the situation is unclear, and the telephone disconnection may also occur.

"What's the matter?" The father seemed to be frightened by his tone and asked urgently.

"Dad, I'm fine. Are the trees and grass growing fast at home?" Dido didn't have time to answer, urgent questions.

"Yes! I got up late today. When I opened the door just now, there were trees and weeds outside, which scared me. Is it the same in your city? " Di Fu seems to be scared by the outside situation.

Dipin thought that his guess was true. The whole world was changing. It seemed that the situation he was worried about might happen. Some magical things like the system appeared, and the end of the world he said might come.

"Dad, listen to me. We should collect more food and water, lock the courtyard and the door, stay at home and don't open the door when someone asks. If you are in danger, go to the basement." Diping did not think about it in a hurry, but said in a hurry.

"Ping! Is something wrong? Don't be afraid. If something goes wrong, go home and have a father Father seems not to worry about things outside, but worried about Diping outside.

"Dad, I'm fine. Listen to me. You must do what I say. You can recruit one of your relatives. It's safer! Remember never to go out! " Di Ping felt that the signal seemed to be a little bad, and he didn't dare to be wordy.

"Good! Ping, Dad, listen to you Father seemed to be shocked by the tone of Di Ping's decision, so he definitely replied.

"Dad, get ready! Be sure to wait for me to pick you up! " Di Ping also told two words, hang up the phone.

After that, di Ping made a phone call to several brothers who had a good relationship with each other. Maybe the situation outside was too fantastic. Several friends agreed to do it immediately after receiving the call, which made him feel at ease.

Put down the phone, di Ping began to tidy up the food in the room. It took nearly an hour to stack them one by one. There was a small room for storing. With the record book, Diping looked at the materials.

Ten bags of rice, a bag of 25 Jin, the supermarket does not have 50 Jin, otherwise he must pull a big bag.

There are five bags of noodles, a bag of 25 Jin, five pots of oil, a pot of five Jin, 30 bags of salt, a bag of 500 grams, five boxes of instant noodles, five boxes of ham sausage, 20 bags of chocolate, 50 pieces of bread, 50 pieces of steamed bread, 60 Jin of bacon, five barrels of water, three boxes of mineral water, and some fragmentary food.

After that, Diping washed the bath in the bathroom and filled it with water. All the people who could hold water in the house were filled with water. Then he wiped his sweat and sat down on the sofa. He didn't want to move.

"I'm so tired that I would have lost a lot if there was no end of life." Di Ping thought with a smile and shaking his head.

"Yes! See if the system is still there, don't you really dream? " Dipin was lying on the sofa and thinking.

"System!" Di Ping whispered.

Dickin was still sitting on the top of the sofa, but I didn't know that there was a lot of work in front of my eyes, but there was a lot of work in front of me.

If the end of the world is really coming, and you have this powerful system, which is really the same as the content of the game, then it will be perfect; with expectation and fear in mind, if it is really the end of the world, how should we face it and what kind of mentality should we adopt.

Waiting is always painful. In the morning, dipin stayed in the house, locked the door, and looked out from time to time by the window. Fighter planes flew by from time to time in the sky, and government helicopters flew over the community from time to time. The trumpet advertised the unchanging content.

The chaos in the community has gradually become quiet. The supermarket has been robbed. Some people who did not grab food have gone to further places to collect them in groups. The number of people walking back and forth in the community is gradually less. Only the cleaning personnel in the community begin to clear the grass in the community, and the weeding machine is buzzing.

Di Ping sat helplessly in the sand and flipped through the TV. All the stations on the TV were broadcasting a program. Experts were interviewing. They were talking about the abnormal things in the morning. All kinds of speculations were constantly making. But there was only one theme. The change was not a big event, it might be a good thing. Trees and weeds would grow in a better environment. There was no need to worry about haze or haze It seems that the world has been at peace for fear of a large number of trees being cut down and the earth becoming young again.

Di Ping sneered and shook his head. This feature of turning a big thing into a small one has not changed.

TV broadcast from time to time, everywhere in the city began to clear weeds, there is no problem, it seems that there is no problem.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!