Chapter 1

The summer night in Zhongzhou city this year is not too hot, which has entered the pre-set solar term. The wind on the roof of the building at 2:00 in the middle of the night is still slightly chilly; with the wind blowing, Diping sits on the top of the building, leaning against the fence beside the building, looking up at the stars, and does not know what to think.

Today's night sky is particularly clear, not only can you see a crescent moon slanting in the sky, but also can see the stars twinkling in the distant sky. Diping has no idea how many years he has not looked up at the stars in such a quiet way. When he was a child in the countryside, his favorite thing was to look at the stars in the night sky and count the stars in the sky at that time.

Under the guidance of his adults, he knew that it was the Big Dipper, that was the Altair and Vega, as well as the fascinating mythology. He often felt that this was the happiest moment.

People are growing up slowly, and their desires are becoming more and more difficult to satisfy. These years of running, in order to survive, dare not stop to rest, afraid that once stopped, there will be no courage to move forward; such a quiet night, watching the stars quietly is how rare.

Looking at the twinkling stars in the sky, dipin's tears slowly flowed down. He thought of his father and mother, who had not been home to see them for two years.

"What have you been doing all these years?"

He slapped himself in the face. At this moment, he felt that he was a real jerk. His parents gave him all they could to let him leave the countryside and come to the big city. However, he was infatuated with the prosperity of the city and forgot his parents' expectation and warmth of affection.

Di Ping heart is very painful, really painful, pain he some difficult to breathe, think of every time his father telephone eagerly looking forward to his home reunion, but he again and again let him down.

Di Ping was a rural child, and his family was not rich. He was one of the few children who went to university in the village. His family members had high expectations for him, but he did not let his family down. He was always excellent in University and could take many awards back home every year. He worked hard during his college life. Even though he never took his tuition from home, he could send some home. His parents always did I'm proud to talk about my children with others.

But all this began to change when he fell in love with a girl. In his two years of college, he met a girl Su Xiao, who was very beautiful and full of spirituality. They fell in love at first sight and couldn't extricate themselves. A pair of beautiful men and women were always enviable, and their feelings were also very good. Diping felt that he had found true love and would surely go down with this girl in his life Go, but things are often not like the beautiful.

When Su Xiao's family found him, he realized that his idea was too simple.

Su Xiao's family is a well-known family in Zhongzhou, and Su Xiao is a very popular girl in the family, so it is impossible for the family to indulge in her marriage. Su Xiao's family finds Di Ping to let him see the difference between the two families, hoping that he can leave quietly.

We know how young people in love can easily compromise. Su Xiao also strongly resists, and her family also dotes on her. Therefore, she can stay in Zhongzhou city for two years after graduation, with her own house, car and enterprise. Moreover, the enterprise must reach the level of tens of millions to allow the two people to communicate.

Now di Pingmeng can feel the energy of Su Xiao family. If he doesn't agree, he will not only leave school, but also be unable to move. At the same time, in order to protect love, he has to agree, but Su Xiao has been sent out of the country by his family. If he fails to reach the goal, he is not allowed to meet again.

As a result, di Ping started his own business and studied at the same time since his junior year. After graduation, he stayed in Zhongzhou and worked hard for three years. He was really good. In two years, he not only had his own company, but also reached the level of tens of millions. His savings also went up to seven figures. He bought a large house and decorated it carefully, hoping to become the love of him and Su Xiao, He is full of longing for the future of the two.

Often the day is not from people's wishes, he bet on all, bet on their own ability and determination, but he did not bet on the people.

During the two years from junior year to graduation, he devoted himself to struggle and sometimes neglected the connection between him and Su Xiao. He thought that Su Xiao would understand him, but he did not know that the children from such families as Su Xiao never worried about money could not understand the hardship of fighting for nothing in a city.

And Su Xiao such a young and beautiful girl, the pursuit of people can be less?

In less than a year, Su Xiao, who was living abroad, had been talking about marriage with a big son of the Kyoto family, and the two families were close together, which was more conducive to the development of the family's power. However, di Ping, a boy, has been forgotten by people, and I still remember the gambling agreement at that time.

When Di Ping reappeared in the Su family, the Su family were shocked to think of it. The Su family didn't have too much trouble with di Ping, but they also told him the truth. Su Xiao and Li Zeping, the son of the Li family in Kyoto, were ready to get engaged. If Di Ping was hit hard at that time, he was confused for a moment. He didn't believe it would be like this. He called Su Xiao as crazy as he could, when he gained and lost from Su Xiaona's icy tone In fact, he fainted on the spot.

Although the Su family didn't look up to di Ping, they also appreciated his infatuation. It was a joke. No one really took it seriously. Who would have thought that the young man had reached the goal of two years, we could imagine the hardships. The Su family arranged for the servants to send Di Ping to the hospital, handed in the money and left.

When Di Ping woke up from the hospital for two days without eating or talking, he left the hospital and came to the home called love nest, which he had worked for for for three years. Seeing everything in this room, he felt really ironic. So he bought a few bottles of wine and ran to the top of the building to get drunk.Over the past few years, he has suffered many hardships, suffered many sins, tolerated many sins and ugliness; in these two days, he has actually realized that he had only one belief to support him in these years' struggle, otherwise he would have fallen down long ago, and when the problem really appeared, he did not fail to understand.

Over the years, some friends have said that he is still unwilling to wake up in his dream. When the dream really wakes up, he discovers how fragile his so-called unchangeable love is; how ridiculous his so-called persistence is. He wins himself but loses himself.

Di Ping touched the tears on his face and laughed at himself. He found that he was really mature until today. It's no wonder that men who have not experienced love are immature men.

"Go home tomorrow!" Di Ping took a big gulp of beer, then threw the wine behind him, calmly said to himself.

In the distant starry sky, the stars twinkle and illuminate dipin's face. The starry sky is infinitely far away. The Milky Way galaxy is like a whirlpool, which has been spinning slowly for hundreds of millions of years. The endless twinkling of stars is so charming and fascinating.

But today, in the sky of endless stars, a black shadow like human shape suddenly stands on the edge of the small meteorite belt. This is an Asian face with yellow skin and black head. He looks beautiful and has a scholarly air. He stands quietly in the void, his eyes twinkle, and he stares at the meteorite time zone closely and frowns and thinks.

"Ha ha... I see!"

All of a sudden, the middle-aged man's eyebrows relaxed and burst into laughter.

"Who is such a big hand to set up such a big interstellar array in this galaxy? Even I can't make such a formation."

The middle-aged man's face changed and his voice became a little excited.

"Good! What a wonderful array The middle-aged man was excited and said, "yes, that's right, good! It turns out that "

" OK, look, I'll untie this big array and see what the people who set up the array are hiding? " The middle-aged man saw a full hour and suddenly said.

Seeing the middle-aged man's hands moving, a streamer of light flew out of his hands and flew to the void. Then, with his hands holding the formula, he drew a series of complicated fingerprints, and the energy from his palm shot into the starry sky; and the whole galaxy suddenly fluctuated, and countless streamers of streamers flashed in the void.

"Boom..." suddenly there was a vibration in the silence of the void, and the big array opened with a bang.

A stream of energy suddenly poured into the Milky Way galaxy from the void. The energy flowed into the stars like a warm current, and quickly flowed towards the middle.

"Broken! This is the energy confinement array. "The middle-aged man suddenly said with chagrin," who set this? It's a big deal to block the energy of the universe from entering the galaxy and preventing biological evolution. ".

"It's broken and can't be repaired?" The middle-aged man then said anxiously.

"It seems that my level is not up to the level of setting such a large array, and it is really impossible to reset it if it can be destroyed." the middle-aged people have some regrets.

"Ah! There's a planet of intelligent creatures here? It's a Terran species. Under the impact of energy, the mutation will be extremely fierce. It's hard for the Terrans on this planet to survive! " The middle-aged man's consciousness swept, and suddenly he slapped his brain! I broke into it. I'll leave it and leave it alone. I'm afraid it will have an impact on my cultivation. Besides, I'll try my best to be a member of my generation. " Then the middle-aged man whispered to himself.

"There is only one in the three thousand roads. All living things have a way out. I will leave a way for them! This chaotic treasure has been for 3000 years. I haven't studied it thoroughly. Send it to you! I hope someone can untie it and leave this world with a ray of life! " The middle-aged thought for a while, as if made a decision. When he stretched out his hand, there was a dark ball in his palm. He frowned with some pain. Finally, he gritted his teeth and threw it away. His body flashed and disappeared in the endless interstellar space. However, the black ball turned into a streamer and flew straight to a blue star.

This man actually crossed the interstellar in flesh, and used blink in the endless star regions. How powerful was this strength? But no one witnessed all this. Human beings still thought that the earth was the center of the universe and was the only one. It was imaginable that there was such a powerful existence in the universe.

Di Ping was looking up at the stars, and suddenly saw a star in the deep of the distant sky suddenly lit up. Then he felt that the earth was followed by an earthquake, like an earthquake. The cars in the community were followed by one alarm after another.

If we can find from space that the whole earth has shaken, everyone has felt the vibration, and everyone thinks it is an earthquake. I believe that the earthquake stations all over the world should be busy soon.

"Is it an earthquake?" Di Ping was surprised, and suddenly stood up and prepared to go downstairs.

At this time, a gust of wind was blowing, just like the spring breeze. The wind was warm and sweet. Di Ping quickly took a few deep breaths of "how fragrant it is!"

Then Diping felt a shock on his body. It seemed that something had been opened and the weight on his body had been taken off. He felt relaxed all over.

"There won't be an earthquake, will it?" Di Ping had some doubts. He didn't feel like it. The earth just shook for a moment, and then there was no response. The alarm cars were quiet again.

"Shit, what is that?" Di Ping just stretched out the roof guardrail of the body retracted back, saw a light in the night sky straight toward their own direction."Meteor? How sad I am Di Ping means that if only this thought flashed, the shining meteor hit him in an instant. Diping only felt that his eyes were dark, and there was no consciousness.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!