Chapter 2

"Found that the low-level organisms... Began to fuse... 1% ·· 2% ·· 50% ·· 99% ·· 100% of the fusion was successful."

"Di ··· began to search information, found low-level civilization electronic equipment, information collection....

" Di ··· found in line with the civilization inheritance procedures, program integration began "

" 1% ·· 80% · · 100% integration was successful, and the eschatological asylum inheritance system was waiting to be opened. "

Diping lay unconscious on the ground, and his body was covered by a group of reddish halo, and the red light faded slowly. On the whole roof platform, only he lay quietly, and only his never-stop undulating stomach could see that this man was still alive.

The people who were awakened by the shock were terrified for a long time and didn't find the following changes one by one and went to sleep again, but they didn't know that some unknown changes were taking place on the earth.

"I'll go! Why do you sleep on the roof? " Diping opened his eyes, sat up, and found himself sleeping on the roof of the building, a little confused.

"Oh! Forget that I was drinking on the roof last night Diping patted his head and remembered that he was sad yesterday and had a drink on the roof.

"No?" Di Ping suddenly exclaimed, "didn't you get hit by a meteor last night? Why is it OK? "

"Drunk?" Di Ping looked up and down, but he didn't see anything wrong with him! Didn't you drink much last night? I remember that I'm awake. "

"Di... Wake up, please turn on the eschatological protection system as soon as possible to welcome the advent of the end of the world." Suddenly, a voice sounded in dipin's head.

"Who... Who... Who is talking?" Di Ping was suddenly surprised. Someone was upstairs. He was frightened. He looked around in a hurry, but no one was found.

"Is it a mistake?" Di Ping looked around and didn't find anyone. He felt his head and thought, "did you really drink too much? What's the time difference of my drinking capacity? "Counting five or six empty beer cans on the ground, I'm not sure.

"Di... Wake up, please try to turn on the eschatological protection system." at this time, a sound of ice reached dipin's ear again.

"No mistake! Is it true? " At this time, di Ping confirmed that there was a voice, "who? Who's kidding me? Get out of here! I see you? "

Di Ping called a few times. He looked left and right. He didn't find anything. All of a sudden, his pores were tight. "Is there a ghost?"

Thinking of this, Diping felt cold. How could there be a ghost in the broad day? At this time, the sky was already bright. Seeing that the sun had already revealed itself, he must have thought that someone was joking with him.

"System! System you head! Don't let me find you, or you'll look good? " Di Ping murmured.

As soon as di Ping's voice fell, he suddenly saw a flower in front of him, and a virtual shadow appeared in front of him Di Ping was scared and jumped back, and the shadow in his eyes moved with him. He felt his pores explode and his scalp became numb.

"Brother ghost, don't look for me. I'm a good man! The five good young people in society have never killed chickens! " Dipin trembled and prayed in a low voice.

"Ah..." Di Ping peeked at it as he prayed. It didn't matter if he looked at it carefully. He only thought that the shadow was so familiar! "How does this look like my game eschatology fortress?"

"Er... That's true!" It doesn't matter if Di Ping looks at it. It's really the same as the interface of a mobile game that he plays.

After careful study, di Ping found that it was the same as his own games. In this era, computer games have gradually degenerated and mobile games are flourishing. He is also a young man, and sometimes he likes to play for a while when he is bored. He doesn't like to play the popular king, because he has no time and may be busy at any time, so he plays The game should not be played at any time, and can be stopped at any time.

Don't mention that he really found one. This is an eschatological survival game, which integrates management, combat strategy and exploration into one. The eschatological fortress is waiting for the master to come, and he will become the last refuge of mankind, carrying the inheritance and continuation of mankind. The game is very fun, and he can play it if he wants to. So when he is bored, he always plays for a while because of the time problem, He didn't play very well. He just wanted to enjoy himself.

The virtual image is somewhat like a screen in science fiction. It shows a lot like the opening of a mobile game. There are castles, markets and manors. However, some things are pitch black and can't be operated. They don't respond to the touch of their hands.

"How to use it? It's to open it. I don't know how to open it?" Dipin studied for a while and didn't find out how to operate.

"Di ·· awake, please open the eschatological shelter system as soon as possible to meet the eschatological survival." Then a voice came out again.

"He's numb. How can I open it?" Diping had a black line on his forehead.

"Open it!" Di Ping thought for a moment and whispered.

"Di... Failed to open, lack of conditions, please host to meet the conditions as soon as possible" at this time, the voice sounded again in my mind.

"Yes, as long as the commander!" When Di Ping saw the response, he was pleased, and then he was blinded. What conditions are needed for the failure of opening."Di ·· task, open the system, collect five energy crystal cores, reach the opening conditions, and reward a legendary recruitment volume." At this time, there is a beep again, and a group of text appears on the top of the virtual screen, which is just the task content.

"Can you do the task? Is this a good thing? But what is the energy nucleus? " Only then did Di Ping understand why he failed to open it. Although he was greedy for the legendary recruitment volume and knew how hard it was, it was very difficult to draw heroes with S-level potential in this game. However, this recruitment volume could be 100% S-level or SS level, but then he was fascinated by the energy crystal. What did he know?

But I can't open it. I can't do it. I don't care. I've been dizzy for a while. Now I'm still in a daze. It seems that everything is in a dream. I don't know whether it's true or not.

"No more!" Di Ping has been tired for more than a year, but he doesn't want to relax.

"Oh, my God All of a sudden, Diping was shocked again. He felt that today's shock was more than the sum of his more than 20 years.

Di Ping looked at the front in a daze. No wonder he was surprised. The eight story building was surrounded by countless trees. Originally, the greening of the community was good, but the trees were only ten meters high. At this time, it was found that these trees were more than forty or fifty meters high, and some leaves had reached the top of the building. The community where Di Ping was located was regarded as a suburb with a better environment The high-end community was originally a villa area. The developer has developed two small high-rise buildings with a total of more than 200 families. Now, the whole community is occupied by huge trees and grass. The houses in the villa area can not be seen, only the red tile roofs exposed among some leaves can be seen.

In the distance, high-rise buildings were surrounded by green, and a 12 lane wide road leading to the urban area was also covered by huge trees on both sides. The previously empty soil on both sides of the road was covered with vegetation more than one person deep. The whole world changed overnight. If the wheel outline was not still there, dipin thought he had crossed into another world.

"Ah..." at this time, there was a sudden exclamation.

It seems that people suddenly wake up at this moment, one by one to see the outside situation are startled, soon gathered hundreds of people downstairs; Di Ping stretched his head to look downstairs, saw many people still wearing pajamas look panic to ask each other, there are also several security personnel in security clothing look panic.

When Di Ping bought this community, many people had already moved in. When he renovated, 70% or 80% of the residential area was occupied, and the villa area was basically full; and most of the people who lived in were doing business, so they would come and go in the middle of the night, not to mention the strict security system. The security guards could not fall asleep, but Diping looked at the security status I just know.

"Are you all asleep?" Di Ping felt that something was wrong. Seeing these trees grow like this overnight, it was like eating hormone.

It's good to see the green all over the eyes, but at this time, dipin only felt his back cool. There seems to be something terrible hidden in the green sky. The unknown is always frightening. What's more, when you wake up from your sleep and see such changes, are people afraid?

Di Ping vaguely heard the sound of sirens in the city. After a while, the whole city seemed to wake up, and the siren sounded in every corner.

"It looks like the police just woke up!" Di Ping heard the sirens chime, thinking secretly.

"Boom..." the sky suddenly roared. Dipin looked up and saw five or six fighters scurrying at low altitude and leaving a scratch in the air.

"It seems that the military response is very fast, and the fighter plane will be launched in just ten minutes!" Di Ping secretly thought that the Chinese army was still very powerful, and the fighters began to investigate in a short time.

At this time, as soon as the door on the top of the building opened, more than a dozen people crowded in and crowded up. They saw that di Ping was just sweeping upstairs. They might have thought about who was so quick and didn't ask more questions. They crowded to the side of the building and looked around.

"How could that happen? ···You see, it's the same in the city! " When you see that there are trees all around, and so is the city area, some people scream and panic.

"Look at the helicopter!" suddenly someone pointed to the distance and called.

Di Ping also saw that several helicopters over the city were taking off and circling around.

"The government's response is not slow." Di Ping whispered.

"Citizens, please do not panic, return to your room as soon as possible and wait for the government's notice after investigation!" The helicopter, slowly flying, at the same time a huge sound sounded.

Five or six helicopters flew slowly, playing the sound of loudspeakers while flying, circling over the city, trying to convey the notice to every citizen.

"No! Food Di Ping was suddenly surprised. All these years of hard work made him more flexible. The government told the public that they did not dare to go out. Looking at the road covered by trees and grass in the distance, the traffic would become a problem. The normal transportation of food would not be guaranteed. There would be a lack of food. So it was necessary to stock up food. Once there was no food danger, his house had just been decorated I bought some food, but after all, it was a small number. If I didn't hoard some food, I didn't starve to death.Di Ping didn't dare to delay. He turned around and quickly went downstairs. When he went downstairs, he swept a group of people upstairs. These people who used to live a peaceful life didn't realize that at this moment, some people saw Diping flying upstairs, and they also slightly mocked him, thinking that he was really timid.

Di Ping is not a good man. It is impossible for him to fight for this industry in the past two years without sticking to the darkness of society. He did not want to remind him that these people will soon realize it.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!