Chapter 5

After crying for a while, he touched his face, touched a pack of cigarettes from the edge of the table and pulled out one. Unconsciously, he felt for a long time, pulled out a lighter, slapped it, lit a cigarette, and took a deep breath. He leaned back on the sofa, not knowing what to think.

Then he took a few puffs, a cigarette, which he took in four or five puffs. He pushed the cigarette to the floor and twisted it out. Suddenly, he stood up as if he had made a decision at this moment.

Diping is not ready to go down in the sinking wheel, because he has to go back to save his father and mother. He is not qualified to go down. He owes his parents too much. The longer he holds, the lower the hope of saving. Moreover, he still has a golden finger. Although he does not know how to open it now, I believe that since this thing appears, it will certainly open, otherwise it will have no significance.

Di Ping quickly stood up, went to the bathroom to wash his face and straightened his short hair. He took two bags of bread from the food room and chewed it hard. He didn't eat any food in the morning. He felt hungry immediately after eating two pieces of bread and two hams.

Then, he began to plan what to do next. First, he had to find weapons, which was very important. He couldn't fight with mutant animals empty handed! Then is to train themselves, to have good physical strength and reaction speed, otherwise, how to survive in the last world without binding the chicken.

"Weapons?" He wanted to get weapons, but suddenly his eyes lit up. He remembered that he had a friend do it when he was decorating his house. After finishing the decoration, his friend seemed to give him a Han sword, which he said was the best hand-made Han sword. He sent him more than 20000, and he also had a blade. Usually, he also likes knives and guns, and men can say that few don't like swords and guns. He saw it at that time It's really a good sword. It's very strong and sharp.

Han Jian was put on the shelf in the living room. Looking up, Han Jian was just on the shelf!

After two steps, he took the Han sword from the shelf. The whole length of the sword was 1.2 meters, the length of the sword was about 30 cm, and the weight was 10 Jin and 2 liang. When the sword was pulled out of the scabbard, the cold light flashed on the surface of the sword, which was double-sided and had a blood trough in the middle. Di Ping never liked this sword as much as he did today. Holding the sword in his hand, he felt the courage of his whole body.

With weapons, dipin started his own exercise plan. Before, he also liked to exercise, but the intensity was not so strong. Most of them were body training. Now he has to train his strength and speed.

However, he didn't dare to make too much noise. The situation was not clear outside. The sound was too loud, and he was afraid to lead to mutant animals. In this case, di Ping practiced several movements of chopping and chopping with his sword. Fortunately, there were still electricity and nets. He searched the Internet for some practical movements of sword and began to practice them.

The sword was really heavy. He felt a little tired after he waved it for more than 20 times. He first practiced chopping and chopping for 20 times, then oblique Chopping for 20 times, stabbing for 20 times, and then picking for 20 times. When this group was finished, he had no strength at all. He lay on the ground and breathed. At this time, he felt that the great Xia of ancient times was really great. It was impossible to swing this heavy sword without strength.

After half an hour's rest, I continued to practice one group after another. I practiced for about ten groups in the afternoon. As a result, I didn't have any strength at all. At this time, not to mention beating mice, beating cockroaches became a problem. All of a sudden, he realized that if there was some danger in this intensity, he would be really dangerous.

So he made a new plan. He could not practice too much or more than five groups every day. When his strength increased, he could not reach the goal at one time. After a half day's rest, he got up to take a bath and get some food to eat.

Speaking of eating, Diping wanted to smoke himself again. At that time, the grain only thought rice noodles were good things. Did he dare to open fire like this? If the strange dog smelled the smell and rushed up to do; fortunately, I grabbed some bread and ham, otherwise I really didn't eat it.

It's getting dark outside. Diping sleeps on the bed with his sword in his arms. He locks the door and blocks up a table. Today, he has to have a good sleep, otherwise he will have no energy for training tomorrow.

The mouse should start to come out. From time to time, there were mice bumping against the door in the corridor, and the mouse and the dog met the sound of fighting. Dipin fell asleep slowly in such an environment.

"Bang..." suddenly rang, as if in the room, di Ping immediately sat up, listening to the outside sound.

"How could it be in the room? Did the mouse come in from there and sleep too heavily?" Diping had some regrets. He shouldn't have been careless. He didn't expect something came in.

He got out of bed and put on his shoes. Fortunately, he didn't dare to take off his clothes. Han Jian took it out of the sheath and slowly approached the bedroom door.

"Bang dang..." suddenly, the pot and bowl fell to the ground.

"In the kitchen!" Di Ping, an exciting spirit, really came in. He was in the kitchen, and didn't know how to climb in.

"Squeak..." at this time, suddenly squeak, slowly leaning against the bedroom door.

Di Ping's heart was tense, and his heart began to bump and jump uncontrollably. He held the Han sword tightly in his hands, and the atmosphere did not dare to come out.

"Click... Click..." after a while, the mouse seems to be biting something.

"Shit, eating my food!" After listening for a while, Diping suddenly remembered that the dead mouse was so deadly that he still loved to eat it. The food he had worked hard for was not enough for him to spoil."Click, click, click." the rat ate more and more happily, while Di Ping Xin went down. If there was no food at this time, he had to wait for death. With his own ability, he could not do with the big dogs and rats outside. He went there to get food.

"Spell it Di Ping didn't dare to wait. He heard that there should be only one mouse outside. He bit his teeth and scolded him. He didn't dare to go up. How could he go home to pick up his parents.

He gently moved the table away, listening to the outside, and then slowly opened the door, peeping at it. By the color light on the outside floor, he saw that the mouse was eating a box of instant noodles that he had put in the kitchen. The whole box was bitten by it, and dozens of packets of noodles were scattered on the ground. The guy was biting open a bag of food and enjoying himself!

The mouse was gray and black, about the size of a domestic cat. It seemed that he had become bolder and bit it recklessly. Di Ping stabilized his body, held his sword in both hands and moved slowly.

"Cheep..." the mouse's hearing was too clever. Diping had just taken a few steps when the mouse found him and turned to look at him. His eyes were red with blood.

When he saw Diping, the mouse bit a lot of people these days. It seemed that there was nothing terrible about human beings. He called down and rushed at him.

When Di Ping saw the mouse coming, he was so nervous that he didn't dare to neglect it. He waved his sword at the mouse's head and cut it. The mouse's body was very flexible. He made a quick turn and avoided the edge of the sword. The long sword slammed on the wooden floor. His hands were numb and he could hardly hold the sword.

"Cheep..." mutant mouse saw that it flashed over the sword body, squeaked, turned around and rushed to di Ping's feet again.

At this time, Diping did not hurry to withdraw his sword and cut back. God responded by raising his legs and kicking.

"Bang ·······" bang was kicking the mutant mouse's face door. He turned over and fell into the kitchen. However, dipin felt that he had kicked the wood and his toes were painful. Unexpectedly, the bones of the mutant mice were so hard.

The mutant mouse seems to be hurt by kicking. Some of them are afraid. They turn around and want to run. They may get confused in a hurry. They forget that their body is getting bigger and they plunge into the gap between the refrigerator and the wall, but they are too small to move forward or backward.

When Di Ping saw the opportunity, he didn't care about the pain in his feet. He took two steps and pricked his sword.

"Poop ·······" made a light sound. The sword was piercing the mouse's waist. The sword was extremely sharp. When it passed through, the mouse squeaked and its limbs twitched rapidly.

Dipin didn't dare to let it scream all the time for fear of attracting other mice. He stepped on the mutant mouse and drew out his long sword. It was only when the mutant mouse stopped struggling and shouting that he was relieved.

As soon as he relaxed, dipin felt that he suddenly lost his strength and sat on the ground, panting. The fierce struggle just now consumed all his strength and spirit. At this moment, he just wanted to have a good rest.

All of a sudden, dipin saw a little green thing about the size of a pigeon egg rising from the mutant mouse. It rose thirty or forty centimeters away from the mutant mouse's body. Then suddenly, he turned upward to himself, and quickly rushed towards him. He disappeared into his body.

"What is this strange thing? How did you get into me? " Diping did not know what it was, whether it was good or bad.

"Di... Found the soul energy, the system is not open, unable to store, consume the soul energy to strengthen the host body."

When Di Ping was worried, the sound of the system suddenly rang in his mind, and then his body was suddenly shocked. He felt a warm flow rising from the depths of his body and slowly flowing to the whole body. Every time he passed by, some warm current would be lost, and the places flowing through felt warm. After a while, the whole body was warm.

The time was very fast. It was only ten seconds. After the warm current, Diping felt that he suddenly had the essence. He changed his spirit. Moreover, he seemed to have a lot of strength rising out of thin air. He felt that his strength had increased, and his sword seemed to be lighter.

Diping shook hands and flicked his sword twice to make sure that he felt real, and immediately he was full of joy. According to the system, this group of energy should be the soul energy after killing the mutant mice, which can be used to improve himself. It seems that the upgrade of killing monsters also has the ability to kill monsters, but I don't know how many people have this system.

Di Ping felt the surging power in his body, and his heart was filled with infinite desire. Originally, he was still worried about the system's failure to open, but he didn't expect that the system still had this welfare. Killing the mutant animals could strengthen him. What's more, he believed that as long as he killed the mutant animals, he would soon be able to go home to see his parents.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!