Chapter 7

The night passed again, the sun rose again, and the light came into the room. The strong light made Diping open his eyes, and the blood in his eyes appeared. He was very tired after the hard work of the night.

He didn't dare to sleep until the smoke was blocked. In the second half of the night, he didn't sleep well. His strength gave him a sense of security, but he didn't dare to lose his vigilance. His bedroom door was blocked tightly and he was still holding a sword when he fell asleep.

When he came to the bathroom, Diping found that the water was cut off. Fortunately, he had been prepared for a long time. He took a lot of water, took a cup of water, washed his face and did not dare to waste too much. Then, after practicing his body, he waved two sets of swords and got some food to solve the problem of eating in the morning.

"Why is it so quiet today?" After dinner and resting, dipin felt less than usual.

"Helicopter!" Then he realized that the propaganda helicopter would fly in the sky at this time, but there was no "what's the matter?"

Di Ping quickly turned on the radio to listen to what was going on, but he didn't expect that the radio station was broadcasting the news. It turned out that there were a lot of mutated birds in the sky over the city today, including sparrows bigger than bunches, and flocks of bunches as big as hens. Helicopters were attacked as soon as they were lifted off. Three of the five were damaged, and the other two landed fast, or they were scrapped.

The voice of the announcer in the radio station is trembling and his tone is even more anxious. Now the information is blocked, the traffic to the outside world is no longer available, and the signal is also lost. Now the only way to communicate is by radio. The whole city seems to be an island surrounded by endless jungle. Many people hear that the heart is full of despair, and the only relief is that the government is still working hard; I don't know when the military will be able to build a base and open up urban roads to rescue. This is what many people think at this time.

Di Ping also felt that things might change greatly. Up to now, the government has been unable to do anything about it. The weapons in the hands of the police can not threaten the mutated animals. With the constant variation of various animals, the situation may become more and more serious. From the announcer's tone, he felt that the government should also have the intention of withdrawing after all kinds of measures have been exhausted.

This is the people's heart. At the moment of crisis, few people can give up everything for the sake of others. Moreover, the environment is deteriorating, and no one knows what will happen after that. At this time, it is the safest way to join the army. This is the idea of many people. After all, the weapon in the hands of the national violence machine is not a firestick.

Di Ping can't control these things. He can't manage them by himself, let alone others. If he reaches the goal, he can help the whole world, and if he is poor, he will be good at his own. He can't manage these things now. He'd better exercise well! Put down the messy mind, and began today's exercise, after ten groups of practice, there was still spare force, so I added five more groups, and then I stopped to have a rest full of sweat.

Feeling almost recovered, Diping got up to wipe his sweat, ready to read, anyway, there was nothing else to do.

"Dudu 路" at this time, there was a sudden sound of slamming the door outside the door.

The knock on the door seemed like thunder in the night sky. Di Pingxin almost jumped out of the room and slowed down his rapid heartbeat for a long time. Then he could not help thinking who was so afraid of death. Now he came out and swayed around. Although the mutant rat would retreat in the daytime, the mutant dog had not run around. If he ran into it, he would have been dead?

"Dudu 路路路" is a few soft door slamming sound.

Di Ping came to the door with his sword in his hand, opened his cat's eye and looked out. There were two strange men standing outside. One was in his thirties, with short hair, square face, big eyebrows, tall and strong eyes, carrying a baseball bat in his hand. The other was a fat man in his twenties, which seemed to be more than 200 Jin. He was about 1.8 meters tall, round face, short hair and small nose Small eyes, put together, always make people have some sense of joy, hands holding a meter long big mother finger thick steel bars; fat people seem very nervous, from time to time look around, eyebrows are full of sweat.

"Who is it?" Diping looked for a moment and asked in a low voice behind the door.

"Brother... Brother, we are downstairs!" When the fat man heard the answer from someone in the room, he immediately felt happy and whispered back.

"What can I do for you?" Di Ping followed the cat's eye to observe their movements and asked softly.

"Brother! We have no malice. We have something to discuss. Can you open the door? It's too dangerous out there The fat man whispered in a low voice and looked around from time to time. The big man behind him seemed to be worried and looked around from time to time.

Di Ping looked at it and felt that they were really not malicious. At present, he was also courageous. He opened the sofa gently, opened the door slowly, and stepped back a few steps.

When the fat man saw the door open, he rushed in with a smile on his face. The big man also pushed in and closed the door. At this time, they saw Diping standing in the middle of the hall, staring at himself on guard. The fat man quickly put the steel bar in his hand on the ground and spread his hands evenly to show that he was harmless.

"Don't be nervous, brother! We have no malice! I'm a resident of 302 on the third floor. My name is Chen Gang. "The fat man quickly introduced me while wiping sweat on his forehead. Then he turned his face to introduce the big man who came in." this is my brother Li Sheng "

" Hello! " The big man's voice was steady and powerful. He said hello to di Ping.

"Hello! Call me dipin. What can I do for you? Say it Di Ping nodded to two people, but he didn't relax. He knew that in the end of the world, people were in disorder and everything happened."Good! Well, the government is going to retreat, you know? " The fat man put down his hands to wipe sweat and looked at di Ping seriously.

"Really? Is the news reliable? " Di Ping was surprised and didn't expect that his guess was true.

"Reliable! The news was sent by Wang Delin, resident 201 on the second floor! " The fat man repeatedly replied that he didn't believe Di Ping's face. He then said, "Wang Delin's elder brother Wang Dequan is the No.2 Secretary of the provincial government. He called his brother through a special telephone this morning and asked him to gather at the provincial government before noon tomorrow. Then the government would organize the police to break through the encirclement, saying that the military had secretly sent a team of people to meet him."

"Do you want to go to the provincial government and withdraw?" Di Ping saw that it seemed that they came to look for themselves.

"Yes! Yes... Yes..." the fat man nodded with approval when he heard Di Ping's words.

"So you're looking for me?" Dipin asked tentatively. He already understood their intentions.

"Brother Dee, we think it's safer to have more people and more strength, so we want to gather more people to go to the provincial government! Do you want to join us? " The fat man looked at Diping expectantly.

"How many of you are there now?" Di Ping was also moved. If these people left, there were not many people left in the building. It was more dangerous to be alone here, and there was no one to share the pressure.

"There are nearly a hundred! We all gather at Zhang Delin's house on the third floor. You can go down later. We can discuss it together! " The fat man saw that there was a door, and his face was happy, and he quickly returned.

"Good! I'll go down later! " Di Ping thought about it for a while and thought that it would be safer if there were more people! So he nodded.

"Great! Brother Dee, we're looking for people on other floors. I'll see you on the third floor The fat man saw that Diping promised not to stay any more. He warmly held out his hand and shook him.

After shaking hands with two people and politely saying a few words, they left and gently opened the door. Seeing that there was no movement outside, they went down the stairs.

After seeing the two men leave from the cat's eye, di Ping came back to the house and decided to go down and have a look. He changed into a sportswear, put on sports shoes and wanted to put the sword in his hand. It was normal to see Chen Gang and Li Sheng both carrying weapons and holding their swords.

After waiting for more than ten minutes, he opened the door gently and checked that there was no movement outside. Then he closed the door quietly and went down the stairs carefully. The corridor was very quiet. It seemed that it should be safe, but the blood stains that appeared from time to time proved that the blood had happened here.

The journey was very smooth. It should be safe. Didn't Chen Gang and Li Sheng get up safely just now?

When he got to the third floor, the stairway was 301. Di Ping gently walked over and put his ears on the door to listen. As his body strengthened, his hearing was better than before, and he could clearly hear the low and disorderly voice coming from the room. He thought that Chen Gang and Chen Gang should not be lying to themselves, but stood upright and slightly buttoned the door.

"Who" door immediately came to the pressure of the very low voice of men.

"I came to meet on the 8th floor!" Di Ping looked around, but also lowered his voice.

The door was gently opened from inside, and a white and clean middle-aged man's face showed up. He glanced at Diping and looked around vigilantly. Then he motioned to di Ping, "come in quickly!"

Diping flashed into the room along the crack of the door. Only then did he see that there were thirty or forty people in the room. There were men and women, and most of them were men. Fortunately, the house was big enough and the hall was full of small Baiping, which was not too crowded.

When Di Ping came in, everyone looked at him, and then all took back their eyes. In the middle of the room, a middle-aged man in his thirties stood up and motioned for Di Ping to come in and talk. The middle-aged man was not about 1.7 meters tall, slightly fat, with short hair and square face, wearing a casual half sleeve white T-shirt, and smiling, which gave people a sense of calm and atmospheric atmosphere This is also a mixed upper class figure.

This man did not despise Diping because he was young. He was smiling and beckoning him to speak.

"Hello, brother! My name is Wang Delin. Welcome to join us He saw dipin approaching, smiling, reaching out and whispering hello.

"Hello, Colin! Di Ping, just call me little Di! " Di Ping is also in the society to touch the rolling figure, others smile to greet, they are not easy to take, so also smile to welcome up.

When Di Ping finds a place to sit down, Chen Gang and Li Sheng are seen in the crowd. Chen Gang nods to him with a smile. Li Sheng nods to him without any expression. Di Ping also smiles and looks at Wang Delin in the middle of the venue.

"Cough..." at this time, Wang Delin in the center of the field coughed softly for two times, attracting the attention of the audience, and then said, "I believe everyone knows the purpose of our gathering here?"

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!