Chapter 8

Wang Delin and other Diping sitting, a light cough to attract people's attention, then slowly said, "I believe you all know the purpose of our gathering here?"

Seeing that all the people nodded their heads to make clear, they went on to say, "the provincial government has issued a notice to all the important leaders today. Before noon tomorrow, they will break through to the base of bianzhou military region in the east of the city. At that time, the military will receive them! And we have only one chance to keep up. We can't wait for the military to meet us later. "

Speaking of this, Wang Delin stopped for a moment, swept around, and then slowly said, "so we must arrive at the provincial government before noon tomorrow, so that we can follow the large army. There must be danger in these more than ten kilometers road. We just need to unite together in order to be safer."

"Brother Wang, when shall we start?" At this time, a woman in her thirties, who was slightly more attractive, asked in a low voice.

"Tomorrow morning at 6 o'clock on time, I have observed for two days, one to five o'clock, mutant rats and mutant dogs began to retreat, so wait until 6 o'clock is safer, and the road is not easy to walk, we should set aside enough time to spend on the road!" Wang Delin looked at the woman and whispered.

"What if it's not safe outside? If you encounter a mutant animal on the road, you won't die?" At this time another thin young man asked with a slight fear.

"Yes! Yeah! Listen to the radio, there are mutant snakes and mutant cats on the road. Is it too dangerous Then there was a panic in the crowd.

"Yes! It seems that there are lions and tigers? I think it's safer at home? " Another man in the crowd answered.

Di Ping has been observing Wang Delin. He finds that Wang Delin glances at the thin young man's eyes when he hears the topic of discussion in the crowd; then the killing intention in his eyes disappears and a faint smile appears on his face.

Di Ping thought to himself that this guy was not a good friend. He seemed to hate the young man. The killing intention in his eyes was too poisonous, but the people who didn't pay attention could not see it. He was also the ability of observing color that had been practiced in recent years. When he saw Wang Delin's eyes sweeping, he lowered his eyes quietly.

"Cough..." Wang Delin coughed a few more times, suppressing the people's discussion, and then said softly.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I only ask you one question!" Wang Delin accentuated his tone, stopped looking at people around him, and then slowly said, "how much food do you have in your house? How many days can you eat?"

"Great!" Di Ping thought that Wang Delin was not a simple character. He thought about this problem. Now the electricity is off, and the gas should be stopped. Rice and noodles can't be cooked. The bread, instant noodles and so on are enough to eat for several days. He has collected the most food that can be said, so far there is not much left, let alone these People.

"Yes! Our family will soon be out of food! " At this time, a man suddenly realized and exclaimed in a low voice.

"My family didn't have any more. At that time, I didn't have much to eat tomorrow! Who can lend me some? " The other followed.

Now who lend you food is a fool's cap, people listen to this man's words are not angry white his eye.

Wang Delin looked at the people anxiously whispering, smiling and dazzled sitting in the sofa, hands in front of the abdomen, two legs are still swinging a little, showing that he is very proud now.

Di Ping secretly looked down at Wang Delin. He thought that Wang Delin was not a simple man. He could observe the activity time of the mutated animals. He also gathered these people together. The group that was supposed to split up was pulled back by his words. There are still some means.

"I think it's better to go! I'll die at home Then there were a few people who agreed.

"Yes, I think we should go to the provincial government to meet. After all, there are troops there." The crowd also expressed their opinions.

"Well, that's it. We'll meet at 5:30 tomorrow morning and leave at six on time." Seeing that people's opinions began to unify, Wang Delin finally decided to shoot the version.

"Now let's divide the tasks and see who will lead the way." Seeing that all of them had no objection, Wang Delin lit a cigarette, took a deep breath, and then ejected a cloud of smoke. He glanced at the crowd from the smoke and then said faintly.

"Here comes the big picture!" Di Ping thought to himself.

Here, dozens of people in the room were suddenly silent. No one wanted to go to open the road. Whoever was not afraid of death was the best in the middle. However, it was unlikely that there would always be someone in front and someone in the back.

"I'll make my way!" At this time, a man in the crowd said in a deep voice. Everyone looked at him. Di Ping also looked up. He was surprised. This is one of the two people who went upstairs to look for him, Li Sheng.

Di Ping didn't expect that this man had such courage in silence, which seemed to be in line with his ferocious appearance. In reality, after all, there were a few people who gave up their own lives, because it might be fatal. Anyone who wanted to be a top bird would say that he did not have such a mind.

"Count me in!" At this time, another man said in a deep voice.

Listening to the sound familiar, di Ping saw that it was Chen Gang, the fat man beside Li Sheng. He didn't expect that both of them were willing to lead the way. Just now they were looking for themselves, and now they are leading the way again."Well, two good ones. Now they are two. Are there any more?" At this time, Wang Delin gently praised the two people, and then his eyes swept over the crowd.

Those who had been swept by his eyes bowed their heads and did not dare to touch Wang Delin's eyes, for fear of being named by Wang Delin, it would be hard to refuse.

"Count me in!" Then another man in the crowd whispered.

Di Ping looked at him. He was a middle-aged man of about 40 years old. He was dressed in civilian clothes. He was gray and had a lot of white ash on his body. He should have been for the decoration workers of the house. He was trapped here in an accident.

"Well, another warrior, brother Luo, will join us. Now just have another one!" Wang Delin looked at the migrant worker, admiring, and then glanced at the people around him.

Di Ping also raised his eyes to see a circle, hair eye basic everyone lowered his head, not Wang Delin eyes, obviously no one came out again.

"Count me in!" Di Ping also bowed his head and finally decided to join the Pathfinder. It was not how fearless he was, but he felt that these people were selfish and timid. He didn't want to walk with these people, let alone hand over his back to these people. However, the three people in Kailu were less and more comfortable.

"Good young people, there are not many young people like this now!" Wang Delin admires looking at di Ping praise way.

Di Ping just a faint smile did not speak, eyes and the other three touch, four people look at each other smile, slightly nodded not to speak.

"Good! That's all for today, and we'll gather here tomorrow. Don't miss it! " Wang Delin saw that the matter had been solved, and it was no nonsense. After all, it was not safe for so many people to gather here.

Everyone should do well. Then, one by one, they opened the door, looked at the situation outside, and left one after another. After saying hello to the three, di Ping walked upstairs to his room.

Back in the room, Diping did not have time to find a climbing bag. He put all the food he could carry into the bag. The bag was full, and then he filled a few bottles of water until he found that he could not hold anything else. He ate something casually at noon and began training in the afternoon. He didn't dare to be too strong in the next afternoon. After ten groups of training, he took a rest.

Night came again. This time, he opened the flue again, put two bags for fishing again, and hid himself in the room. This time, he did not dare to sleep on the sofa. He was afraid that he fell asleep. Last night, he almost fell asleep. If he fell asleep, he was attacked by rats, it would be hard.

It seemed to be a quiet night, except for the barking of dogs, the strange barking of wild animals and the shrill birdsong from the window, there was no more movement. Until the day was about to break, the startled dipin suddenly woke up. He was afraid of oversleeping. He thought about it all the time, and his nerves were tense, so he woke up as soon as the light entered the room.

It was already 5:40. He quickly washed his face, tore open two bags of bread, made breakfast, carried the climbing bag, picked up the Han sword and was ready to go downstairs to meet.

There are some disorderly sounds in the corridor. Fortunately, the sound is not very loud. However, Diping's hearing is good and can be heard faintly. I think there are many people downstairs. It seemed that there was no danger, so he rushed downstairs.

Down to the third floor, sure enough, 301 door slightly open, the room is full of people, do not need to count, there are 100 people, men and women, old and young, although everyone's voice is very low, but there are so many people, it is still a bit messy; Wang Delin is standing in the crowd, standing beside him are Chen Gang and Li Sheng, and the migrant worker. When he saw Di Ping coming in, he immediately welcomed him.

"Brother Di, we're almost all here. We'll wait for you. Are you ready? We'll start right away." Wang Desen said with a smile, holding dipin's hand.

You're welcome, brother Lin Di Ping is also a little embarrassed, he did not come early.

"No, no, it's just right!" Wang Delin, smile and wave.

"Brother Laidi, let's study the route!" Wang Delin took Diping to the tea table in the middle of the hall. There was a map of Zhongzhou city on it. The map had marked the position of the provincial government with thin lines, and drew a road map with red line, which was the direct route from this community.

"Brother Di, what do you think of this line?" Looking at the map, DILIN asked.

"Well, the route is OK. This is the main road. There should be less weeds on the road, so it is easier to walk and judge the direction." Di Ping took a look at it and thought that Wang Delin was not a straw bale. The route was planned in a practical way, and the distance could be said to be the nearest. Moreover, he chose the main road as far as possible. We should know that the main road has good hardening, and the growth of weeds will be slower.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!