Chapter 6

"Tick... Find the crystal nucleus, please collect it to turn on the system" suddenly the cold electronic sound in my mind rings again.

"Crystal nucleus? where? Is it in mutant mice After hearing the sound of the system, di Ping looked around and finally determined that the crystal nucleus should be in the mouse.

"Where is the nucleus? Is it the stomach or the head? " Di Ping looked at the bloody mutant mouse and thought about it. The book said that it was usually on the head. So he drew out a bone cutter he bought from the kitchen cabinet and put the mouse out of the crack and put it in the pool.

With a strong nausea, di Ping broke the head of the mutant mouse and searched for it. Sure enough, he found a ball the size of a fingernail in his head, which was like a suede jade. He felt it warm and moist in his hand and cleaned it with water. It seemed that there was a faint special fragrance on it.

"It turns out that this is the crystal nucleus, and the system is open to this thing. There is already one, and it is enough to hit four more!" Di Ping looked at the crystal core in his hand.

Dipin didn't expect that the dirty mutant mouse could produce such beautiful things. After watching for a while, he didn't find any other use. He wrapped it with a piece of cloth and put it in his pocket carefully. Then he saw the mess in the kitchen.

The corpse of the mutant rat is still in the pool. If it is not cleaned up, the weather will certainly deteriorate. How can we stay in the room at that time? Di Ping carefully used the garbage bag to collect the mutant rats, and put the messy things on the ground in. There were also blood stains wiped with cloth and then washed with water.

He was busy for more than half an hour to make the room look like a thing. The instant noodles were stained with blood and couldn't eat, so they were all thrown into the garbage bag. Looking at the garbage bag, he didn't know what to do at the moment. He couldn't put it outside. Now he didn't clean it up, even worse to put it in the house.

Finally, Diping gritted his teeth and threw it out? It was the middle of the night. It seemed that there was no difference between it and the normal night. Only the flash of fire and the sound of explosions in the far city proved that the night was not peaceful.

Seeing that there was no movement, he gently opened the window and carefully raised the bag. He let go of his hand, and the garbage bag fell downstairs, and then fell to the ground with a bang. The sound spread far away, and the building seemed to be full of excitement. There were constant squeaks and barks from time to time.

After a while, the building was in chaos. It seemed that several mutant dogs and mutant mice were fighting for the death of the rats in the garbage bag. It just seemed that the mice were not the rivals of the dogs. Different fights subsided, and the mice retreated. So a few mutant dogs were munching on the rat meat downstairs.

Di Ping didn't dare to look down. He closed the window carefully and went back to the house. He ran to the bathroom and washed his face with blood. He soaped his face three or four times. He didn't feel the smell of blood. His clothes were waved. His feet were covered with blood. His pants were covered with blood. So he always felt diaphragm when he was wearing clothes.

After all this, Diping did not feel sleepy, so he sat on the sofa quietly waiting for dawn. It was already five o'clock when he looked at his wrist watch. It was almost dawn. It was not too late in autumn, and it would be bright at six o'clock.

Near dawn, the community suddenly quiet down, the community seems to have run out of the mutant dog, occasionally can hear a few dogs barking in the distance, among them do not know what the animal's roar, is not a lion or a tiger and so on.

Just after daybreak, Diping sat on the sofa thinking of some sleepiness. Hearing a crack, he woke up and found that there was a power failure and the refrigerator light was off. He quickly got up and turned on the light. As expected, the power was cut off, and the water and electricity would stop soon.

At this time, there was a helicopter buzzing outside, accompanied by the sound of a big horn. It seemed that there was a mutation in the horn. It seemed that the public should stay at home and wait for the government to rescue them. In addition, those who have cats and dogs at home should be dealt with as soon as possible. Once the mutation is very aggressive, it will harm human beings at any time.

With the helicopter gradually away, Diping got up to get something to eat. During the day, it should be OK. You can cook some hot food. Now the electricity is off. Fortunately, there is gas and water. Now, there is no need to wait for it!

After making some rice and stir frying a dish, I had a little rest and started today's exercise again. After doing five groups of chopping, chopping, stabbing, picking and chopping, I found it was very easy. I think the strengthening in the evening was very effective. The strength growth was almost one-third of the original, so I added five more groups. I felt that I would be over trained before I stopped.

When the electricity is off, the network is gone, and the wireless signal of mobile phone is useless. Di Ping has no means to collect information from the outside world. Fortunately, there is an MP3 player at home that has radio function. The government function seems to be still in operation. The radio station is still broadcasting information from time to time.

Yesterday's situation was so sudden that many places suffered great losses. Many people were attacked and countless people were killed and injured. However, due to the inconvenient transportation, many injured people could not be treated. However, the government's road clearing plan failed. During the road clearing process, not only the mutated rats, cats and dogs were attacked, but also large beasts from the zoo, as well as countless poisonous snakes and police forces were affected Limited by weapons, they failed to beat back the mutated animals. The engineering team suffered countless casualties and had to return.

It seems that it is not smooth for the army to build a safety base on the outside line to ensure that the retreated people have a safe place. Therefore, it is not conducive to promote urban rescue at present. The government can only ask the citizens to actively help themselves, not go out casually, and try to collect food and hide at home waiting for rescue. In the face of such great difficulties this time, the government is still positive, As long as the information is not retained, it is transparent to the public to a large extent, and the public is only allowed to know what the situation is, so as to save people from guessing and causing panic.While listening to the broadcast on the radio with half of his earphone, di Ping is looking for something to do. He will read books, practice his sword, and secretly check out the outside world. The day goes by like this.

When night came again, darkness enveloped the earth, and boundless terror came again. Dipin leaned on the sofa with his sword in his arms, looked at the kitchen and waited quietly. Yesterday, he checked that the mouse came in from the flue. He did not block the hole. He thought that today he hoped to have another mouse, so that he could get crystal nucleus again and strengthen it.

"Ka ···" after a long time, dipin fell asleep with his sword in his arms. Suddenly he heard the sound and opened his eyes. By the moonlight shooting from the kitchen window, he found that another mutant mouse had entered the kitchen and was gnawing at the two bags of instant noodles he had deliberately left behind.

Gently rubbed the eyes, slowly stood up from the sofa, feet light up and down to the kitchen to touch.

The mouse's hearing was too sensitive. Diping had just taken two or three steps to be heard by him again. He looked up cleverly and looked at him. His blood red eyes flashed with bloodthirsty light in the weak moonlight, and rushed to him without waiting for any action or squeak.

These mice were originally timid, but these days, too many human beings fell under their sharp teeth, and their courage also got infinite growth. At the sight of human beings' abnormal bloodthirsty, after years of safe life, it seems that the ancient blood in the blood of human beings has faded away, and it is really a sad thing that in the face of the mutated mice, they perish.

After killing the mutant rat once, di Ping also adapted a lot. Instead of retreating, he rushed forward to meet the mutant mouse, and the distance of five or six meters was in a flash. The long sword swept forward to meet the mutant mouse, but he didn't dare to cut it. If he cut the ground, he would not have time to change his moves.

After strengthening, Diping's speed increased a lot. The sword was holding a silver light on the mutant mouse's chin, and the mutant mouse seemed to have a wrong vision. Unexpectedly, the speed of the human damage was so fast that the misinterpretation on the battlefield might lose life. The mutant mouse responded to this sentence. The long sword took a scurry of blood beads, and the sharp blade quickly cut the mutant rat's head in two and hit it upside down In the wall and then slide to the ground, blood flow out, limbs unconsciously twitch, eyes are not alive.

Di Ping didn't expect that this time it was simple. It seemed that it was useful to practice the sword. With the increase of strength, and the mutant mouse also misjudged his speed, he made a move.

Soon, the mutant mouse no longer twitches, and a green soul energy rises from his body. He rushes towards Di Ping and quickly disappears into his body.

The sound of "di... Found soul energy, the system is not turned on, energy can not be stored, consume energy to strengthen the host body" system sounds in di Ping's mind.

Di Ping stood quietly. After a while, an energy rose from the depths of his body. He swam around his body quickly to strengthen his body. After more than ten seconds, the energy disappeared, and the coming and going were fast.

A strong feeling rises from the body and the force is imposed. It increases by almost a quarter, which is similar to the last time. If you want to lift the sword in your hand, the sword becomes lighter.

Di Ping felt that he had to use numbers to feel the strength of the increase. Almost once, he increased the strength by 30-40 Jin, and twice by 70-80 Jin. His original strength was not so bad, which was almost doubled.

"Well, why didn't you mention the discovery of crystal nuclei this time?" Dipin had some doubts and a bad feeling in his heart.

As expected, the mutant mouse was almost cut into meat mud, and no crystal nucleus was found on the head of this mutant mouse, only soft and soft bone body was found. It seems that the crystal nucleus of this mutant mouse has not been completely formed; no wonder he feels that the reaction and strength of this mouse are not all strong! It seems that there will be a difference between those with nuclei and those without. Not every mutant animal will have them.

"The system doesn't work well?" Dipin sighed powerlessly.

However, with the growth of his strength, his courage grew stronger and stronger, and his fear of mutant animals gradually faded. He wanted to kill more.

Put the mutant rat into a bag, put it away, and throw it downstairs. Suddenly, several mutant mice and mutant dogs vied for each other. This time, he didn't feel nauseous and nauseous. It seems that people really can't do it. It's not that they can't do it.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!