Chapter 16

"No, I still have the system! Yes, I still have mysterious system. I will be more and more powerful. I will let the existence threatening my life step on my feet one by one! " All of a sudden, Diping looks shocked. He remembers that he still has a system in his body. He has a card. He doesn't believe that he can't live in the end of the world with golden fingers. Then he is really a fool and incompetent.

thinking of this, he rises from the bottom of his heart again with infinite power and high morale. Since God has given me this opportunity, he will live a different life.

"How many survived and where did they go?" After thinking for a long time, di Ping slowly raised his head and looked at the people.

"The radio said that people were scattered. Some people from the army and the government successfully rushed out of the city. Others were chased around and hid. Now it is impossible to count them. The radio car escaped into a shopping mall to be safe. There are still hundreds of people following. Only when they are safe, can the information be sent out. I hope you don't go in this direction!" At this time, Cheng Chao has completely calmed down and tells Di Ping everything.

"Alas! This is a time of disaster and disaster! It may be a good thing to die, but it will be more difficult for the living to survive! " Di Ping stood up, went to the window, gently opened the curtain, looked at the distance, sighed softly.

"Yes! It's harder to live! " Cheng Chao also sighed.

"I don't know. What are your plans?" Di Ping suddenly turned to look at the crowd and asked.

"Plan?" Several people looked at di Ping and looked at each other. Even Yu Shujie stopped crying and looked at di Ping with tears in her eyes.

"I'll go there if Diego goes there!" At this time, the fat man suddenly stood up and looked at di Ping with excitement in his eyes and said firmly.

"Me too!" Li Sheng is also sitting on the sofa, cutting his nails with a knife. His look is relaxed, but his tone is extremely firm.

"What's brother Di going to do?" Cheng Chao seems to be a very casual question.

"I'm going to stay. I'm going to make this a safe base. I'm going to give thousands of people a place to live and live," Diping said firmly and forcefully.

It seems that even her eyes are full of enthusiasm for a moment.

"Good! Brother Di, from today on, this is the last time I want to shout like this. From today on, I'll call you Diego. I won't go there, I'll mix with you! " Cheng Chao also called out to stand up. He was a soldier. He preferred people with heart and blood like dipin.

A word of Digo is also recognized as the leader of Diping. Cheng Chao was a boss and made a lot of money. Before the end of the world, he was even better than di Ping. His hotel management company and dozens of hotels under his command also had more than 100 million assets. Therefore, it is very difficult for ordinary people to get his approval, so he is willing to call him big brother.

He is a fool to do business at this level. He has been a soldier and has seen blood. He knows the force of the army best. However, after seeing the powerful fighting power of these mutant dogs and the crocodiles whose artillery can't do anything about it, he knows that this era has changed. When he sees dipin's powerful ability, this is not what ordinary people can have. Thinking about animals can mutate, is it human With variation, if you guess it is right, then this era will be a time when the strong are respected. Following the powerful talents is the most correct way. Of course, he should follow the correct way. What's more, Diping, who is a person who values love and righteousness, is a person who can be assured to follow.

"Dee... Digo! I'm mixed up with you, too Lao Luo also stood up.

"Dee... Digo! I... I'll stay too! " Yu Shujie is also called to stand up, red face, two eyes also tears of firm way.

She stood up and flashed down the little girl who had been sitting on her legs. The little girl stood on the ground with her mouth toot and her hands in her waist, sulking.

"Ha ha, good! Let's help each other in this last world

Di Ping didn't have much confidence. These people all followed him, but he didn't expect that these people were so determined to follow him. First, he was moved. Second, he was bold. He thought that he was also a member of the team. He was also happy and stretched out his hand with a smile.

"Come"

"come"

several people held out their hands at the same time and put them on di Ping's palm. The five people were excited and their eyes were full of warm flames. All the sadness and decline just now disappeared at this moment.

"And me

At this time, the girl suddenly climbed onto the tea table and put her fat little hand on the public hand.

"Ha ha! And our little ones

Everyone laughed, and di Ping also laughed.

"Come on, let's help each other in the same boat!"

"Help each other in the same boat"

several people said in unison. Although their voices were not loud, they went to take root forcefully. People looked at each other, and there was no decadence in their eyes. Some people just had a firm belief in the future.

After a long time, the excited mood of the crowd eased. They all sat down. Di Ping took out his cigarette and divided one of them. Yu Shujie asked her daughter to play in the room."I'll tell you what I'm going to do first!" Di Ping lit his cigarette and took a deep breath. Then he said slowly.

He never smoked before. When he was in college, he didn't smoke among six people in the same dormitory. After Su Xiao left him for the United States, he was forced to smoke under strong pressure. He knew that smoking was not good. However, whenever the pressure made him unable to breathe, he would smoke one. He felt that this would make his mind more peaceful.

Seeing the people lighting their cigarettes one by one and paying attention to his face, he said slowly, "the first step is to collect food and water. Without enough food, it is difficult for us to survive; the second step is to clean up the mutated animals in the community as soon as possible, so as to ensure the safety of the area." after that, he paused and took another puff of smoke, which was inhaled into his lungs and then exhaled His face is caged in the smoke. "Third, another is to search for the survival personnel in the community. We must try our best to gather some like-minded people together. The community is so large that we must build a high-rise courtyard wall if we want to be safe. The current fence can not block the entry of mutant animals."

Having said this, di Ping put out the cigarette end with only a little tail in the ashtray, and then looked up to the public. "This is my current idea and plan. Do you have anything to add, you can talk about it!"

"I have nothing to say! I'll do what Diego wants Chen Gang, the fat man, was the first to take a stand,

"just eat without thinking! It's true that Li Sheng said something out of his mouth.

"You are dead face paralysis, you simply say that I am a poor man! How can you tell me if you have the ability The fat man pointed to Li Sheng's face and gnashed his teeth.

"I don't mind!" Li Sheng shrugged his shoulders and said nothing.

"I... shit, dead face paralysis! You can't take care of yourself when you come to see me The fat man was angry and spat in his hands. He rubbed his hands quickly and asked Li Sheng to come out to practice. He could stand his feet steadily and not move a point.

"Cut!" Li Sheng's angry hands and shoulders lean on the sofa.

"All right, fat man, sit down and get down to business!" Di Ping knew that these two people were fond of playing with each other and would not really persuade them. However, if we talk about business now, we can't let these two living treasures make trouble here.

"Diego, I feel that the gas is not enough for cooking today. It may stop at any time. Do we collect some gas tanks? There are three restaurants outside the community. We must collect some!" At this time, Yu Shujie thought and said in a crisp voice.

"Well, that's a problem too! Yes, go and have a look tomorrow Di Ping also knew that gas could not last for a long time. The fuel had to be prepared early, and the amount of bread and instant noodles was enough.

"If only I could collect some frozen meat! I wonder if there is a cold storage in these hotels? " The fat man heard that the restaurant seemed to be suddenly excited and asked with his eyes shining.

"Are you still eating meat when you're a pig?" Li Sheng is an interesting person. He never talks much, but he always likes to talk with fat people. He never lets go whenever he has a chance.

"You are envious, jealous and cruel!" The fat man said with a proud smile.

"Ha ha, fat man, I finally know why you are so fat!" Di Ping also laughed at the fat man.

"Dick, I'm just a good mouthful. If I don't eat meat for a day, I don't feel energetic." The fat man was smiling and touched his head with embarrassment. Then he suddenly slapped his thigh with remorse! I said in the morning to get the dog meat to eat. You have to let it go. The dog meat rolls three times and the gods can't stand still. You people are really a waste. "

"Vomit..." suddenly, Yu Shujie covered her mouth for a fit of retching!

"Sister Yu, do you have one?" The fat man looked at Yu Shujie, suddenly covered her mouth and vomited, suddenly as if she understood the way.

"You big head! You fatso, these dogs have eaten people, you dare to eat! "Disgusting..." Yu Shujie gave the fat man a look, and then she vomited again.

"What's the matter? Dogs eat shit! No, people still eat dogs? " The fat man turned his eyes and argued.

"Ouch..." Yu Shujie couldn't help it any more and ran to the bathroom.

"Fat man, can't you pee and poop?" Di Ping was also said by the dead fat man. Originally, he had thought about these variant dog meat. He didn't know whether he could eat it or not. He was preparing to test it! This lets the fat man a stir to make, he also some can't stand, so hastily make a voice to stop.

"Fatso, next time you have this idea, don't eat my cooking!"

At this time, Yu Shujie came out of the bathroom and looked at the fat man fiercely as she walked. Her face was still a little pale. It seemed that she was disgusted by the fat man.

"Oh! ok What a pity! It must be delicious to stew it out! " A little sorry, and then mumbled.

"Fatso

This made the public angry. Lian Chengchao stood up and yelled in a low voice. Li Sheng was stepping on the fat man's buttocks, and the fat man fell on the sofa. Yu Shujie vomited and ran back into the washing room.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!