Chapter 11

"Diego, let me save the fat man!" Li Sheng, who has already entered the corridor, is impatient.

"I'm going to save people. You'll keep the door open!" Di Ping's eyes were red, and he seemed to be stimulated by the man's death and rushed out with a low drink.

"Diego..." at this time, the fat man could not help tears when he saw dipin rushing out.

"Don't get his mother's ink, get in!" Di Ping murmured and rushed to the two behind.

The brave man used his life to hold the mutant dog for a few seconds, and the three finally rushed to the door, and the mutant dog seemed to be infuriated. He opened the twitching man and screamed wildly, and the blood splashed on his mouth. Then he rushed to this side like an arrow from the string.

Di Ping meets them, pulls them and rushes to the corridor, but the unthinkable scene appears. The fat man stands outside the door and doesn't go in. He looks back at di Ping in despair.

"The door is blocked!" The fat man's voice was full of despair.

"Damn it, these bastards!" Di Ping scolded angrily. It turned out that not only the door was blocked, but also the broken glass wall was blocked by people with stools and tables.

He didn't expect that these people were such assholes that they saved people with good intentions, and they blocked themselves out. But it was useless to scold them, and the mutant dog had caught up with them. The man and woman he had picked up saw the situation and they collapsed on the ground and seemed to have accepted their lives.

At this time, the mutant dog had caught up with him, and seemed to feel that these people could not run away. He roared in a low voice, cracked his bloody fangs, and stared at the four men with blood red eyes.

"Dog, when your grandfather is afraid of you!" At this time, Diping had no way to retreat. He could only move forward, bite and carry his sword to the mutant dog.

"Wang ···" mutant dog also gave a low roar, which seemed to be infuriated by the man who dared to challenge its authority. His thick limbs shot at dipin like a shell.

Now Diping's strength has exceeded 300 kg, and his speed has been enhanced. The original speed of the mutant dog is not so terrible in his eyes. One man and one dog are about to touch each other. Diping can even smell the smell of the mutant dog.

"Die!" Di Ping drank for a long time. His sword stretched out to the side. His body turned fiercely. As he turned around, he chopped at the mutant dog like lightning.

"Whew ·········" the sword cut through the air and let out a scream. Then, it cut the meat with a sharp thump, which was like destroying the withered and decaying, from the waist of the mutant dog, and the blood arrow flew.

Looking at the mutant dog cut into two pieces by the sword, di Ping's heart was filled with boundless pride. The original terrifying monster is no longer that terrible in his own hands. He just used the usual measures to chop, but he didn't think it was so useful, so he killed the mutant dog easily.

At this time, a group of soul energy rises again from the corpse of the mutant dog, and then rushes into his body like a streamer. A stream of energy rises from the depths of the body and washes all over the body, and gradually a force seems to rise out of the big body.

"Di... Found the soul energy, the system is not turned on, unable to store, consume energy to strengthen the host body"

"Wang Wang ·"

before dipin could feel the intensity of strengthening, another five mutant dogs suddenly rushed out. When they saw the corpse of the mutant dogs lying in the pool of blood, these mutant dogs were angry and roared to di Ping.

Di Ping also cried out and rushed up. Now he has no way to go back. He feels that his strength must be 500 Jin, which is five times that of an adult. He is not inferior to some powerful men. He is not afraid of these guys.

Di Ping's sword was as fast as lightning. A slanting pick, a mutant dog flying first, flew out with a scream, and his head was half pulled. Then, he chopped to the right side and smashed a mutant dog that was rushing up on the right side.

"Ah... Ma'am" although dipin was fast enough, his fist was not as good as four hands. He swept two and was bitten by a third dog on his thigh.

"Go to hell!" Di Ping scolded and kicked the mutant dog, which was more than one meter high, to fly out. With a cry of pain, the mutant dog flew five or six meters away. He spat blood from his mouth and fell on the ground. It seemed that he could not move.

After four times of strengthening, dipin's strength burst out, which was terrible. The angry foot and the speed was nearly a kilogram. How could the mutant dog suffer from kicking it up.

"Ah At this time, the other two mutant dogs rushed up one left and one back, biting his buttocks and left leg.

"I want your life!" Di Ping seemed to be crazy. As soon as the sword was closed, he stabbed backward, and with a puff, he strung a mutant dog on the sword behind him. He lifted his left leg and pushed the left mutant dog out.

"Wang ···" the mutant dog did not seem to have been hurt much, so he roared and rushed again.

Di Ping quickly picked the sword and threw the variation on the sword out. It was hitting the mutant dog.

"Wang ···" screamed, and two mutant dogs collided into a rolling gourd.

"Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof.

"Di... Found soul energy, the system is not open, unable to store, consume energy to strengthen the host body""Di... Found the soul energy, the system is not turned on, unable to store, consume energy to strengthen the host body"

at this time, the sound again sounded in his mind, di Ping was happy, it seems that two hung up, this is the second strengthening, sure enough, two masses of dark green energy quickly rushed into dipin's body, and then a warm current rose from his body, especially at the wound It's hot, numb and itchy. It's healing.

The five mutant dogs who had just attacked seemed to be startled by the scene. They saw six mutants lying on the ground. These five eyes were red, and they howled and came up to Diping in the middle of the field.

The warm current came and went quickly, and disappeared after more than ten seconds. It seemed that it had never appeared before, but it left a strengthening effect. Diping suddenly felt the infinite strength rising from his body. He grasped the sword handle with both hands, and the sword handle rattled, which seemed unable to bear the powerful force.

"Ha ha... Come on, dogs!" Di Ping's heart is full of pride, and he drinks wildly and kicks his feet on the ground.

"Bang... Bang..." thought stiffly, the ground grass flying, his body rushed out like the wind.

"Wang Wang ··" the five mutant dogs also made a wild cry. With a strong body force, their bodies shot to di Ping.

"Good coming!" Di Ping yelled, and the sword swept, as fast as lightning. The mutant dog was swept by the sword before it could react. Immediately, two mutant dogs flew out in front of him.

Then, a whirl kick kicks the left one out, and the mutant dog cries out how far away it goes; as soon as the other one just pours in front of him, he sees his sword drawing back, smashing the sword, hitting the mutant dog right in the middle, and suddenly the mutant dog turns over with a scream.

"Oh, bite me!" Although the speed of the mutant dog is not too fast in Diping's eyes, it's only five dogs coming together. His strength and speed have just been generated, and they can't be well controlled. It's very good to have such a speed. Four dogs fly out, and the last one still rushes up and bites his neck. Fortunately, he reacts quickly. One side of his shoulder is bitten, and a piece of meat is torn off immediately. It hurts him Inhale.

"Go, you, ma'am!" At this time, the one who had missed the net just now felt it secretly, and rushed to Diping's back with a bloody bite on his back. If he was bitten, it would be enough for him. At this time, the fat man, who had been in despair, seemed to wake up. Seeing this situation, he rushed up with a wild cry.

"Wang ····" the fat man's huge body is hitting the mutant dog. The mutant dog is hurt by the collision and flies out. The fat man catches up with him and smashes the steel bar in his hand wildly. His mouth stops cursing.

Diping did not worry about the Houdun, a grip on his left shoulder variant dog, severely hit the ground, and then a fierce foot in the past.

"Bang..." how powerful his foot is, now he does not know, one foot is stepping on the mutant dog's waist, suddenly blood and flesh flying, the dog's waist broke with a click.

"Be careful, fat man!" At this time, I found that although the head of the mutant dog was hit by the fat man and hit several bloodstains, it was all right. It rushed up and bit the fat man's neck. The fat man put a steel bar on the mutant dog's mouth, but the power of the fat dog was not as strong as that of the mutant dog, which was actually crushed on the ground.

Di Ping yelled out, "be careful." his body moved as fast as lightning. The distance of five or six meters flashed by. The sword slashed one by one. The mutant dog was cut in two from the waist. The blood splashed all over the fat man.

"Di ···· found soul energy, the system is not turned on, unable to store, consume energy to strengthen the host body"

"Di ···· found soul energy, the system is not turned on and cannot be stored, consumed energy strengthens the host body"

"di ··· discovers the soul energy, the system is not turned on and cannot be stored, and the energy consumption strengthens the host body"

at this time, the system lives in the However, after three beeps, it seems that there are three heads hanging up again. Three dark green energy balls quickly rush into dipin's body, and then a stream of energy gushes out to strengthen his body.

"Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woo.

"Oh... Come on!" After strengthening, di Ping's body reached the strength that he could not imagine, and his wound seemed to be getting better quickly. He was full of pride, so he held the sword in both hands and roared wildly, like thunder.

Three head mutation, it seems that only at this time to see the scene, suddenly Di Ping a roar, scared a spirit, whispered, seems to be very afraid of turning around quickly into the grass, run.

"Run away?" Di Ping is also Leng there, he is preparing to kill a turn! Who would have thought that the ferocious mutant dog ran away.

"Fat man, are you ok?" Run and run! Di Ping regained consciousness and quickly pulled up the fat man who was still sleeping on the ground.

"No... nothing!" The fat man seemed to be stupefied and stammered.

Looking at the bloody Diping, he was moved. He didn't expect that at the last moment, the fat man came out to save himself. Such a person is worth making friends, but some people? Di Ping's eyes swept through the door of the building.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!