Chapter 15

"Oh, my God. You are so insidious. Curse me for choking. You are robbing food here!" As soon as the fat man found out that Li Sheng was only interested in grabbing vegetables, he immediately realized that he stopped working and rushed to the table to join the food snatching army.

Di Ping looked funny. At the same time, a warm feeling rose in her heart. Seeing Yu Shujie secretly covering her mouth and laughing, she said with a smile, "Miss Yu, if you don't start for a while, there will be no food to eat. You see, these hungry people don't know what is comity!"

"Well!" Yu Shijie stopped laughing, got up and filled herself with a portion of rice. She sat at the table and ate it.

Di Ping shook his head, this woman! The experience of eschatology is still less. At this time, I still take this attitude to eat. It's OK for me. If I can't get any food in other places, I still don't know the cruelty of the last world.

A basin of rice and five dishes were robbed by several people. Before the end of the world, it would not be the boss of oil and water every day. In a few days, one person would kill two or three bowls of rice. Diping was exaggerating. Maybe with the strengthening of his body, he still felt half full even after eating five bowls of rice, which made him a little difficult to accept. If we further strengthen it It's a real bucket.

When the meal was over, a group of people could not walk. The fat man sat half on the ground, soft, with his head resting on the chair and snoring in the corner of his mouth. The others were not better. Luo Quan had a hand running down his chest, while he was still burping. Li Sheng opened up a bottle of mineral water to drink, but after drinking it, he stretched his neck and swallowed hard, Finally, I put the cap on the bottle. I was so full that I had to hold it to my throat.

Cheng Chao is much stronger than others. He can only stand up and walk around the hall slowly. However, seeing his frown from time to time seems to be a little uncomfortable, Diping smiles secretly.

"How full you are Even the little girl was half lying in the chair with her stomach covered and her mouth tooted.

At this time, Yu Shujie finally finished her own portion of the meal, and she did not eat a few mouthfuls of food. She had a small amount of food. Although she did not dare to cook these days, her bread and other things were not cut off, so she could fill her stomach. Seeing that everyone had finished eating, she got up and began to clean up the mess on the table.

Looking at Yu Shujie cleaning the table like a little daughter-in-law, her body is graceful, gentle and virtuous. How can he not let the man's heart beat? No wonder her husband is willing to fight for her and her children. If he would try his best, he would not wake up laughing every day with such a lovely daughter-in-law! Di Ping thought in his mind.

In his mind, Diping gradually felt sleepy. Today, however, he made a lot of efforts and suffered a lot of injuries. If it wasn't for the soul energy repair, he could not guarantee whether he could be good.

When Yu Shujie finished her work in the kitchen, di Ping called out the people. His house was a three bedroom two living room house, and there was a study. He gave another small room to Yu Shujie's mother and daughter. The other room was crowded by four men. It was really impossible for him to lie on the sofa. He was so sleepy that he called back to his room for a nap.

Diping had a deep sleep, which was the most beautiful sleep these days. In the past, he was alone. He never dared to sleep. He was always frightened. Today, there may be more people in the room. He felt more comfortable in his heart, so he just went to sleep.

It seems that human beings are really gregarious animals. The loneliness of their own is really maddening. They can't even settle down when they sleep. Their hearts are always in a tense state. In such a short period of time, people will go crazy for a long time. This is the most intuitive feeling of dipin now.

"This is a long sleep! I look so tired! " Di Ping looked at his watch. It was already 4:00 p.m. and slept for more than three hours.

After getting out of bed, Diping washed his face and immediately felt refreshed. He felt exhausted and exhausted. Now he felt full of strength. He shook his fists and clattered. He walked out of the room with a satisfied smile.

During the lunch break, he sleeps in bed and has already thought about it. He is ready to set the base at this green edge. This is the result of his careful thinking. There are several reasons.

1、 Although his ability has been improved well, he doesn't know what it will be like outside. A few mutant dogs will make him look pale. Although he won, it is also very dangerous. What should he do if he meets a real overlord in the jungle, such as tiger and bobcat, so he urgently needs to improve his strength. Opening a pub is the fastest way to enhance his strength, but he has a few A hero's own strength will be rapidly increased, only in this way can he return home faster to save his parents.

2、 Here in the suburbs near the urban area, the number of mutated animals should be less. If we know that the most animals are still in the wild mountain forest, it certainly can't be done in the mountain forest. In the urban area, there are also many mutant animals, mice, cats and dogs, and the largest zoo is definitely not a safe place, so it is much safer here.

3、 The area of this community is quite large. There are two buildings and many villas. The space is big enough. It is more convenient to build with its own system.

So in the end, for these three reasons, di Ping finally decided to stay here instead of going to bianzhou base developed by the military region. As soon as he entered the base, his movement would be limited, or it would be better here. He just didn't know what these people thought. He wanted to talk to these people, and whether they would stay or not, he really had no idea.Without bothering about this problem, dippingla opened the door and walked out of the room, looking stunned, because he found that these people were actually concentrated in the hall, sitting on the sofa one or two, with a dull expression. Each one seemed to have a layer of despair in her eyes. Yu Shujie still had tears in her eyes. She did not know what she was thinking. Only the little girl was lying in her mother's arms and humming in her mouth Song.

"What is this, everybody?" These people even Di Ping out also did not pay attention to the way, di Ping seems to see is not right, so smile to say hello.

"Digo"

"Mr. di ·"

at this time, several people were suddenly awakened by Di Ping's voice and stood up to greet each other.

"What's the matter? I don't think you look right." Di Ping waved his hand and sat on the sofa. His eyes swept over several faces and asked softly.

"Dee... Digo! I, i... the fat man yelled, stood up, a little excited, I didn't come out for a long time.

"Don't worry, you sit down first!" Looking at the fat man, di Ping seems to be over excited. He turns his head and looks at Cheng Chao. "Brother Cheng, do you want to tell me what happened?".

He knew that among these people, Cheng Chao should be the most able to explain things in an orderly way. Li Sheng's words were too simple and sometimes he could not understand them. Lao Luo was honest, and his words were not easy to say, let alone talk about them. Yu Shujie's tearful look was not the best person to talk to. So he let Cheng Chao speak.

"Oh, how miserable it is Cheng Chao heard Di Ping tell him that he looked a little gloomy. He took a long breath and said, "just now the radio reported that the government began to withdraw at 11 a.m.!"

"Oh, what's wrong with the retreat? We missed it. Is something wrong?" When Diping heard this, he immediately looked positive. He felt that things might not be very good, otherwise these people's faces would not be so bad.

"There were not many people who got the news. There were about 50000 or 60000 people gathered. It was safe all the way. The mutated animals did not dare to attack the team, but there were too many people and the road was not easy. It took a little bit more time to get to the lake of emperor. It turned out that the accident was too bad!"

Speaking of this, Cheng Chao's eyes also gushed tears, some choked voice, some can not say.

"What's going on?" Di Ping is a little anxious. How can so many people have an accident? What's the matter? Cui asks.

"Sorry, brother Dee! Let me get back to it Cheng Chao, after all, is a soldier. He looks at di Ping with some regret. Then he straightens up and touches his face with both hands. Then he calms down and says, "when the big army comes to the lake of emperor, somehow, a crocodile suddenly comes out of the lake and breaks up the team. Then the following mutant animals rush up, and the whole army is basically destroyed!"

With these words, Wan Chao choked again. Several other people were also crying. Yu Shujie was unbearable. She sobbed in a low voice. Her hands tightly covered her mouth, and her shoulders kept shaking.

"A crocodile breaks up tens of thousands of people? These tens of thousands of people are all decorations? " Di Ping's eyes were so big that they couldn't feel incredible.

"Yes! I don't know that crocodile that Wang Badan put in the lake of emperor should have lost his children and grandchildren! " Fat man here gnashing teeth curse.

"Brother Di, do you know how big this crocodile is?" At this time, Cheng Chao finally regained his mind and saw that di Ping was still somewhat unbelievable. Then he looked at di Ping and said, "this crocodile is more than five meters high and more than twenty meters long. It can kill several people with one mouth. Its tail is like a pillar. It can sweep the armored vehicle away, let alone people. Its scale is stronger than steel, and the gun is just a white spot The artillery of the team can't be hurt. Half of the tens of thousands of people are killed and injured by this beast. "

Cheng Chao said with a look of panic on his face, as if he had experienced it himself.

The crocodile, five meters high and more than twenty meters long, is bigger than the mutant crocodile in the movie. It can't be hurt by guns! It's a big deal. Di Ping also sat in the sofa. After several times of strengthening, his strength was as much as a kilogram, and his speed was two or three times faster than that of ordinary people. He felt invincible. This time, he felt like he was hit hard by a thousand catties, and he was flustered.

He didn't expect these animals to mutate so quickly, and some of them were so terrible. The day before yesterday, he heard from the radio that there were three or four high tigers. He was surprised that it was true or false, but he didn't think it was true. The crocodile was seen by tens of thousands of people and killed countless people.

He was very glad that he didn't rush home. He thought he had become stronger when he met with death and no life with his current ability. However, compared with the mutant animals, he was still at the bottom of the food chain, just climbing up a little bit, and he was still secretly happy. He was really a frog at the bottom of the well. At this moment, he corrected his previously despised heart State, began to face up to the world of variation.

"Can I survive in this world?" Di Ping's face is a little dim, it seems that this moment has lost the direction and power to move forward.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!