Chapter 19

"Chop!" Di Ping saw a flash of white shadow, rushed to himself, as fast as lightning, straight to his face, he immediately waved his sword and cut.

Di Ping sword like a meteor, with a sharp scream to the white shadow, in the blink of an eye to follow the white shadow, but the white shadow suddenly in the air a sharp turn, hard body to avoid the blade, from the left side of Diping.

"Stab!" At the same time, di Ping felt a burning pain in his left arm.

"I was hurt, so fast!" Di Ping took a breath. He thought that he was already very strong and his speed was abnormal. Unexpectedly, the shadow was faster than before. Even if he didn't check it, he would face to face. He blushed and became angry.

"Bang ···" the white shadow passed through Diping and rushed to the door, but the fat people just closed the door tightly. The white shadow hit the door panel with a light sound.

"A scream of pain.".

Diping's body turned quickly. At this time, he saw that it was a white cat. It was really cute. It was the size of an ordinary country dog. The white cat meow and meow. His eyes were pitiful and afraid. He looked at him closely. It seemed that he was begging him to let him go. But now his blue eyes were red with blood, strange and bloody Chestnut.

Lovely animals can always make people feel soft. As soon as he relaxed, Diping suddenly wanted to close the terrible wound of the female corpse on the sofa, as well as the frightening and unbelievable eyes. He was ruthless. This little thing was not so kind on the surface.

"Meow ·" was just in a trance of Diping's mind. Suddenly, the white cat screamed, with a fierce bow and four limbs grabbing the ground. His body ejected like an arrow and went straight to Di's flat door.

"Paralyzed"

Di Ping thought that the little guy was deliberately showing weakness, took the opportunity to sneak attack, and then he was angry and scolded, but he didn't dare to neglect it. His body turned sharply to the left and let the white cat's claws flash with cold light, and the long sword in his hand turned around and swept across the face.

"Chuo ··"

the sword moves with you. With the strength of both arms and the power of turning, the speed of the sword is faster, like lightning and thunder.

"Meow..." it seems that the white cat didn't expect that dipin reflected this fast. He turned around in such a short time, but he didn't change his direction. However, the cat rolled in the air like a ball in the space, and escaped the fatal sword of Diping.

"Good day, dog!" Di Ping immediately stupefied and said, "the speed of this ghost is so fast, I don't believe that evil!"

Di Ping's heart hate, a bite teeth ready to go forward, today must dry this cat to death! There is such a cunning and extremely fast mutation cat lurking around. It's too terrible to be a thief for a thousand days. There is a reason to guard against thieves for a thousand days. You have to guard against it!

"Meow..." the white cat seemed to know that dipin was not easy to be annoyed with. He let out a low voice and turned around and ran away. He ran into the room with a whoosh.

"This little thing is too cunning Di Ping scolded secretly that the white cat was really cunning. As soon as he saw that he could not do it, he ran away immediately, and then sneaked into the incident.

"You can't let it go!" Di Ping was very upset. The white cat was not only ferocious, but also different from other cats. If he missed today's good opportunity, it would not be so easy to kill it next time. He could not put a time bomb around him.

Determined to eradicate this cunning white cat, di Ping approached the room with his sword in his back. He had to be very careful. The cat was too fast for him to capsize in the gutter. That would be a shame.

This is a bedroom with an area of more than 30 square meters. It is decorated in a western style. There are only a large white leather Simmons bed, a white combination dressing table, a 55 inch ultra-thin TV and a tightly closed five door top-up coat cabinet beside the wall. The door faces the floor window balcony.

Di Ping carefully moved in, his eyes shining around him, hoping to see where the white cat was hiding. Although the room was not big and there were not many things, there were many places to hide. For example, under the bed, curtains and wardrobe, who knew this guy would learn to open the cupboard door?

After looking for a circle, he didn't see a shadow of a white cat, even more, he couldn't hear a sound. Di Ping was agitated for a while. The cat was proficient in the art of lurking. It was not so easy to find it.

"I'll see you running there this time!" When Diping saw the door on his left, his eyes suddenly brightened. He moved forward two steps, one hand gently on the door knocker, and then exerted his strength.

With a bang, the door was closed by Diping.

"Meow ·"

the white cat is really smart. When he sees the door closed by Diping, he seems to know that the matter has come to an end. He can't close the door and hit the cat. So he screamed and ran out from behind the curtain and jumped to the bed. His blood red eyes were staring at dipin with fierce light in his eyes.

"Hoo!" Di Ping gently breathed out his breath, thinking that animals or animals, the reaction is still slower than themselves, are you not fast? But you have to eat my suffocation, I step by step to compress your space, see how you speed play.

"Meow ···" the white cat seemed to be forced to rush. Meow screamed, and his limbs stepped on the bed. At once, the sheet was scratched with several cracks, and then the body soared like an arrow from the string and went straight to dipin."Good coming!" Di Ping drank a lot and waved his sword to meet him.

"Stab!"

"Wipe! Dead cat

Deping's attack failed again, and the sharp claws of white cat made several scars on him at one time.

"Come again!"

Di Ping was drinking again and washing up the last time.

"Chirp!"

"Bang!"

"Ah

"I'll chop!"

"Bang Dang!"

"Ah

For a moment, there was a flurry of birds and dogs in the bedroom. One cat and one person kept coming and going. You came and went with one sword and one claw. The whole thing was out of shape. The TV was split into several pieces, the dressing table was scattered, the bed was also flying with cloth, the wardrobe was cut in pieces, and the clothes were flying everywhere.

"Hoo Hoo!"

Di Ping was leaning on his sword, panting for breath, sweating like rain. His clothes were no longer good, and they were streaked with bloodstains. There were two shallow bloodstains on his face, and blood beads were seeping out of his face. The fur of the white cat opposite him was all fried, and the fur was less and less in the East and one in the West. The long hair was covered with bloodstains, and the bloody eyes were dead Looking at dipin, she seemed to want to kill him.

"MADD, come, come, come! I can't cure you if I don't believe it. Ouch! The pain is killing me Di Pingzhu breathed heavily with his sword, his eyes staring at the white cat, and he bared his teeth and scolded while panting.

"It's boring! There's more! " After taking a few breaths, Diping felt his strength gathered again, which benefited from his continuous sword waving every day, which enabled him to persist.

"Meow!"

It seems to be infuriated by dipin, the white cat screamed fiercely, and the body shot again, but the speed was much slower.

"Look at the hidden weapon!"

All of a sudden, di Ping, who was originally standing on the pillar sword, had a strange smile on his face and picked up his sword. He picked up a long red dress that fell on the ground and flew straight to the white cat's cover.

"Meow ··"

the white cat didn't think of Diping's move. His coat was like a net covering the sky, but he couldn't open it. He was covered by the coat. He seemed to know his fate. He immediately gave a shrill cry, and then struggled desperately, claws crazily, and his clothes made a tingling sound.

"Go to hell!"

Di Ping's body flew out with his overcoat, and jumped down from the ground to the big bed. His sword turned fiercely, as if with a heavy hammer.

"Hoo!"

"pa"

with the wind blowing, the big sword hit the white cat wrapped in the coat.

"Meow ··"

the white cat screamed and fell on the floor beside the bed with a thump. Then there was a shaking in the coat. Slowly, blood flowed out from the ground under the coat, and the shaking stopped.

"Bang bang ·"

Di Ping came forward and struck again with two swords. He wanted to die when he hit the snake. He couldn't give it a chance to turn over the plate. Isn't it often played in movies! Think dead, who knows to pretend, he can't give this white cat a chance, this mutant cat is too cunning.

As the saying goes, a cat has nine lives. Its bones are soft, so it is difficult to fall to death. So just now, Diping did not use chopping, but slapped with the back of his sword. He was afraid that the force surface was too small to hurt the white cat.

It was not until a group of green soul energy slowly rose into the sky, and then it flowed into his body to strengthen his body. Then he relaxed and sat down on the bed. The war was so hard that he didn't expect a little mutant cat to treat himself like a human being, a ghost or a ghost. Fortunately, he thought of an idea, otherwise it would be a bad day. This white cat is mainly a white cat Losing in strength, it's fast, but as long as it's not hit head-on, the damage is very limited. If the cat's strength is stronger, it should lie here by itself today.

"Di... Discover the soul energy, the system is open, the tavern is not built and can not be stored, consume energy to strengthen the host body!"

At this time, the system beeps again, and dipin feels a warm current rising from his body. However, this feeling is not as strong as the previous times, and it is much weaker. There is no mutation. The dog's energy is strong, and the increase in strength is very little.

"No!" Suddenly, di Ping exclaimed. Although he felt that his strength had not increased, he seemed to have become more sensitive and reflect faster.

"Can different soul energies strengthen different directions?" Di Ping felt the changes of his body and thought in his mind with uncertainty. He felt that he was right to guess, but this time, the increase was not much. Next time he tried to kill, he would know, so he was not correcting this problem.

"Dicko! Are you all right? " At this time, the voice of the fat man came from the empty door.

"I'm fine. Come in!" Di Ping knew that this is not the time for research, so I will have a chance in the future! Just heard the fat man's anxious voice, so he said in a loud voice.

"I wipe! Are you sure you're not tearing down the house, Diego When the fat people open the room, they can see that the scene inside is a mask.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!