Chapter 12

Seeing that fat man is OK, dipine is ready to clean the battlefield. There are three mutated dogs lying on the ground and still not dead. Their belly is still rolling. This may be energy. He will not let go.

"Poof... Go up with the sword, and each one of them is alive, and it's all over.

There are three sound system prompts in his mind. The three groups of energy rush into the body of dipine, and start strengthening. After ten seconds, he feels not so strong, it seems that the effect is much weaker, and there is no previous effect. Now he only feels the body energy is surging, but he doesn't know how much power has been added.

"Drop... Find the crystal nucleus, please collect by the host"

then the system sounds again. He also wants to remember, and also opens the system. The crystal nucleus must be collected.

"Poof... So, in the eyes of fat man, dipine began to cut off the head of the mutant dog and collect the crystal nucleus. In other people's eyes, he thought he was destroying the corpse and releasing his hatred?

"12, this variant dog actually has one in each, which is very good. It is finally gathered, and the system can be turned on?" Diping was happy in his heart, but now it is not the time to open, and I don't know what changes will be. I still don't want to expose it in front of outsiders. It seems that I should find time!

"It's time to clean up you!" The crystal nucleus is closed, and dipine has a flash of fierce color in his eyes.

The last year a woman was standing by the door. The middle-aged man looked at dipine with a near adoring eye, while the woman held her child tightly, and there was no focal length in her eyes. Looking at the front, she seemed to lose her soul.

The five-year-old girl in her arms seemed to have been scared, holding her mother tightly and burying her head in her arms, and the whole person trembled.

Diping sighed, some helpless, the wife and children who men exchange for life are safe, but they also lost their own dependence and lost the courage to survive.

"Dicko... At this time, Chen Gang seems to have come back to God and chase up.

Diping didn't speak. He saw it from the door hole. There was no one in it. It was just that the standing hole was tightly blocked by various tables, chairs and benches. People might have run into the room and hid. It was hard to do it for these people. In such a short time, he actually moved these things. It was only three minutes since the battle.

Re enter the password to open the outer door. The outer door is not blocked by the outside pull. Open the door. Inside, there are several chairs folded together, and the inside is the table. With a hum, Diping kicks his feet out.

"Bang... A loud noise, several chairs split.

"Chua"... Followed by feet, and several tables were also scattered.

"Li Sheng?" The table was broken apart, and Diping and fat people all saw Li Sheng and Lao Luo lying down at the elevator door and closed their eyes. They just fainted from the ups and downs of their tummy.

"Li Sheng! Are you okay? Wake up! Old man! Old Luo! " At this time, the fat man ran up to the front and staggered Li Sheng, and pushed Lao Luo hurriedly. He looked at Li Sheng. His face was full of concern. It seemed that the relationship between the two people should be good at ordinary times.

"Cough... May be shaken by fat man, Li Sheng cough a few slowly open eyes.

"Fat man, you haven't died yet!" Li Sheng looks fat, a happy look, will a bit tired way.

"Bah, you have a face paralysis and I can't die!" Fat man Pooh a few scolds.

"Li Sheng, is nothing wrong?" Then dipine also walked up and asked with concern.

"Dicko, I'm fine, it's dizziness!" Li Sheng said, shaking his head with great effort.

"How are you lying here, what's the matter?" Fat people have some anxious problems.

"I'm knocked out!" Li Sheng has a helpless face.

"Who's playing? "Look at fat man not smashing his brain shell," fat man asked in a hurry.

"The bastard surnamed Wang, and there are several others. They don't let me open the door. I have to open it. Who knows the bastard surnamed Wang gave me a stick from the back!" Li Sheng seemed to suddenly remember, and angrily scolded.

"Wang Delin?" Dipine asked in some doubt that he had known that Wang Delin was not a good character and didn't think how the man was so poisonous.

"That is the king's egg! A group of people hold me and Lao Luo. This king baegg comes down from behind! " Li Sheng sat up, touched his back brain with his hand, and scolded him. He seldom spoke at ordinary times. It seems that his face paralysis has been infuriated today.

"He, Ma, the dog King Ba, I will kill him!" Fat man gives gas, bite teeth to get up to go up.

"No hurry!" Dipine drank fat in a low voice.

"Dicko, these bastards almost killed us, you... You... Fat man seemed to be confused, looking at dipine asked in a hurry.

"I'll go up and talk about it later!" "After that, he turned to the stairs, and he was not a good man. He was beaten on the left and sent to the right face. Anyone who provoked him had to be prepared to bear his anger.

A line of four people follow the stairs up, middle-aged men pull another face blank woman white arms, all the way to follow, the woman looks wooden, just follow the pace up, like walking corpses.When he got to the third floor, Diping listened and sneered at him. These people were really here. They were right together to settle accounts together.

"Knock on the door!" Di Ping ordered softly.

"Bang Bang... Open the door" the fat man heard the sound and smashed the door with anger on his face.

"Who!" There was a trembling voice in the room.

"I am your fat man! Open the door, "the fat man exclaimed impatiently.

After a few seconds of silence, the door was still opened, and a face appeared. It was the white faced middle-aged man. When he saw Diping behind the fat man, his face turned red and he stammered, "original... Original... It's... Di... Brother, come on, come on in."

"Go away!" The fat man pushed open the white face, opened the door and let Di Ping go in.

Di Ping quietly walked into the room, but really, these people are all there, plus Wang Delin, a total of eight people, Wang Delin looked at di Ping, his face was not good-looking, and quickly rose to meet him, his face full of laughter, "it's Di brother! It's very kind of you to be OK! "

Wang Delin said, smiling and reaching out to shake hands with di Ping. Di Ping leaned on his sword in both hands and looked at him faintly, without any intention of reaching out.

"Ha ha! Don't get me wrong. I was determined not to block the door. It's just that these people are too scared to listen to me! " Wang Delin hung his hands, awkwardly took it back, then rubbed it hard, and said with a big smile on his face.

"How dare you close the door? You dare not look at me now?" Di Ping didn't pay any attention to him. When he saw these people's eyes dodging, he seemed to be afraid but not guilty. He was really angry. He didn't expect that human nature could be selfish to this extent. Seeing that these people didn't have the intention of repentance, he didn't give up any more and said in a loud voice after calming down his mind.

Wang Delin seems to be annoyed by Di Ping's neglect, and his eyes flash. Only when he sees that Diping is covered with blood and is as fierce as the murderer from the window just now, his anger quickly subsides.

Di Ping Yu Guang is still observing Wang Delin, see that he put down the intention of killing, the corner of his mouth scornfully mentioned.

A group of people turned away from looking at this side, and a young girl secretly cried, as if she was very sad.

"You wangba, in vain of Diego's good intentions to save you, but you are so ruthless that you want to kill us!" At this time, the fat man angrily pointed to this group of people and scolded.

"All right Looking at the fat man more and more scolding, di Ping called him in a low voice!

"Dicko! These people don't clean up, they're not good goods! " The fat man swearing back to di Ping.

"Did you all take part in moving things and blocking the door?" Di Ping's eyes were flat, but he was very sharp. He was armed with a long sword and was covered with blood. His whole body was full of fierce murderous spirit.

"I'm fair!" Di Ping saw that these people did not respond, and said faintly, "you all leave it!".

"Where do you want us to go?" At this time, the crowd thought that Diping had let them go, and his face was relaxed. One of the young men asked.

"Leave the building, of course! I don't care where you go, but you can't stay here! " Di Ping looked at him faintly and said softly.

"Why, why do you drive us away?" At this time, all the people looked at di Ping in disbelief, and more people questioned.

"Why! Ha ha With a scornful smile, Diping suddenly lifted his sword with his hand, and a cold light flashed by.

"Ah! My hand At this time, Wang Delin in front of Di Ping suddenly held hands and screamed.

At this time, all the people saw that di Ping had cut off Wang Delin's hand with a sword just now. The palm of his hand fell on the ground bloody, which made him sweating in pain. The blood gushed out along the fracture of his wrist. For a moment, the floor was covered with blood.

All the people were shocked. They all looked at the scene in horror. They could not believe what happened. The white faced middle-aged man looked at the scene with a shrunk in his eyes. He didn't expect that this man would be so decisive, silent, talking and laughing. Even he couldn't do it. It seems that this man can't be the enemy.

Fat people and others are also scared, but then also relieved, to these people's practice is not too much to kill.

"If you beat Li Sheng Lao Luo out, I'll break your hand. Am I big enough? You should thank me for not killing you? " There is no fluctuation in Diping's eyes. He wanted to kill Wang Delin, but after all, he was human, so he couldn't do it.

"And you, now get out of here, don't wait for me to change my mind!" Suddenly, di Ping snapped.

"Hula ·"

like Amnesty, this group of people ran out without looking back, for fear of being called by Di Ping. At this time, Diping was more terrible than the mutant beast. Wang Delin covered his broken wrist with one hand and walked out staggeringly, with hatred in his eyes between his head down.

"Dicko, why don't you kill it? This man is a poisonous snake!" At this time, Li Sheng came forward and said in a low voice.

Di Ping looked at Li Sheng unexpectedly. He didn't expect that Li Sheng was thick and thin, and extremely decisive. He was a person who could be cultivated."No, he can't make waves!" Di Ping mouth solution a mention, scornful smile way.

In fact, he also saw it, but he really couldn't do it. He didn't want to be too cold-blooded. He broke his hand and could live through the night. Besides, the smell of blood was enough to kill him. If he did live, it would show that he was very lucky and everything was destiny.

He had hesitated in his heart. He was also an ordinary man in peacetime. Today, no killer is the last point of life. He doesn't know whether he will kill people in the future, but in this last world, no one can be alone!

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!