Chapter 17

The fat man fell on the sofa and seemed to know that he was in trouble. He sat down on the sofa again and looked like a little woman. Di Ping was covered with black lines and felt more disgusted than before.

Can you imagine that? A fat man of more than 200 Jin, full of fat, squeezed eyes and nose are all long to a piece, do a face angry little daughter-in-law like? There's something more disgusting than that.

Di Ping knew that the fat man Chen Gang was a living treasure. He liked to eat and play tricks, but he didn't care about him. He just gave him a bad look.

When Yu Shujie came out of the bathroom again, her face was whiter and her steps were a little messy. It seemed that she was vomiting heavily.

"Mother! Are you going to have a baby At this time, the little girl suddenly ran out, took her mother and asked in a tender voice.

"Ha ha!" Everyone laughed when they heard her.

"My dear girl, mother is just sick! Go and play Yu Shujie's face suddenly changed from white to red. She quickly bent down and explained to her daughter.

People laugh for a while, and then sit around the sofa. This hilarity reduces the inner pressure, and the long-term tension is also diluted.

"All right! If we don't have any other opinions, we're going to make a decision! " Di Ping leaned on the sofa, his hands crossed in his chest, and his eyes swept over the crowd.

Everyone shook their heads to show that it was meaningless. After all, it was the first time for us to go through the end of the world, and no one knew what to do. Everything could only be seen by walking. Even dipin didn't know how to do it. But now there is only one way. One is to survive, or do everything possible to develop the system functions. As long as the system functions develop, we believe that we are here The end of life can go further.

"Good! There's nothing else. Starting tomorrow, we'll clean up the building and collect food! " Di Ping finally clapped.

It's only five o'clock. It's still too early to eat. Di Ping doesn't care about these people and starts today's exercise. Although it's simple for him to practice sword these days, it's really useful for wartime. It's hard to say whether he could still stand here if he hadn't practiced his sword all these days.

When he waved the sword again, Diping suddenly felt that the heavy Han sword was now light and floating. When he waved it, he always felt that he could not achieve better performance of his strength. However, he had no other weapons in his hand, and now this Han sword is his best weapon.

This time, di ping changed a group from 25 times to 100 times. His strength grew too fast. If he didn't practice hard, he could not control his strength, which was easy to cause waste of power. When he suddenly raised his strength, he felt wrong. Sometimes he didn't feel so agile when walking. His body and consciousness always felt that they couldn't match each other. Before, when he took a bath, he gave the soap box carelessly Crushed, which let him know that the strength is rising too fast, the foundation is unstable, and he must be familiar with it as soon as possible.

Chop, chop, chop, sweep, pick five movements to complete, a movement of 100 times, five movements to complete just a group, there are 500 times; Di Ping practiced five groups only to feel that the strength reached the limit, and then do it may be excessive, but if excessive at night there is danger, it will be troublesome.

People are dumbfounded when they look at di Ping's sword practice. It's not because he is so handsome and his movements are not good-looking, but because he moves so fast that he can't even see the body of the sword clearly. The sword cuts through the air and chirps.

Looking at di Ping's ceaseless sword wielding, all the people know that di Ping's strength is not for no reason, it is the effect of people's persistence in exercising. Just waving the sword for thousands of times, sweating like rain and sweating all over the body, do ordinary people have such persistence and perseverance? This is more firm with the mind of Diping, such a person is worth following.

Di Pinglian started to practice her body strength and flexibility again when she waved her sword. When it was dark, she told Yu Shujie to cook and wash her sweat.

The dinner is relatively simple. The coal fire is getting weaker and weaker, and it may be put out at any time. After simply making an order, everyone has a hasty meal, and they are full at noon, so they can't eat dinner, and they don't eat much.

After eating, di Ping assigned a vigil. Lao Luo was on guard in the first half of the night, and Li Shengshou in the second half of the night.

··········

after a night's rest, dipin woke up before six o'clock, and could not sleep any more. He had a good sleep at noon during the day, and had no electricity at night, let alone playing. Therefore, he could only sleep. He had already had enough sleep and could not sleep any more. It was better to get up.

A simple wash gargle, a pull-down door to go out, smell a sweet smell of steamed bread, some doubt, "who made steamed bread?"

Walking into the hall, you can see that there is a chopping board on the tea table in the hall, and there are noodles on the table. There are two vegetable baskets on the tea table, which are full of steamed bread with white flowers. There is also a person sleeping on the sofa. It is Yu Shujie. Her face is covered with noodles, and her clothes are covered with fine flour. At this time, she is sleeping I should have been busy all night and steamed so many steamed bread.

Walking closer, I saw the woman's head resting on the sofa sleeping heavily, her face stained with some flour, her beautiful face looked more soft and beautiful, like a fairy under the mortal world; she tightly held her arms, her eyebrows raised from time to time, it seemed that she was very painful, what should be the dream, there are two faint tears on her face, it seems that she has cried in her dream.Di Ping's heart was violently touched. He reached out his hand and gently pushed aside the disordered hair on Yu Shujie's face, which was gentle. This was also a poor woman, and di Ping sighed in his heart.

He bent down and put her on the bed when he walked into the room. Di felt that her body was really soft and she was very comfortable to hold. There was a faint fragrance coming into her nostrils, which made her reluctant to put down.

Holding back the strangeness in his heart, Diping pulled a thin list to cover her, looked at her for a while, sighed and turned out of the room. He didn't know that when he turned around, the sleeping woman quietly opened his eyes and looked at the background of Diping's leaving. His eyes were dull, there were moving, confused and lost. It was very complicated.

It was not until Di Ping closed the door with his light hand that he woke up. His face turned red. He pulled the sheet with both hands and put his face out in the list.

Diping walked out of the room and saw that there were more people in the hall. It was Li Sheng who said, "when was this guy here? No one was there just now!"

"Diego Li Sheng saw Diping coming out of the room. His voice was a little excited. He let out his breath in a dark way, and his tight face relaxed.

"Why didn't you see you just now?" Dipin didn't know where this guy came from. No one was there just now.

"The steamed bread just came out of the pot. I'll go and collect it." Li Sheng showed Di Ping a box of steamed bread in his hands. The steamed bread was still steaming hot.

Just a moment ago, Li Sheng just came out of the kitchen when Di Ping was holding Yu Shujie into the room. If he usually could hear it, he could only feel the tenderness of a woman, and his attention was too focused to hear Li Sheng's action. When Li Sheng saw Di Ping holding Yu Shujie into the room, he felt a little tangled. Although he followed Di Ping, he also had his own He didn't know if he wanted to stop Yu Shujie. If he stopped, he would make di Ping unhappy. If he didn't stop, he felt uncomfortable. When he saw that di Ping quickly walked out of the room, he immediately felt relieved. At the same time, he felt guilty that he shouldn't have misunderstood him. He took care of himself and others, and he was so wrong because of this misunderstanding.

So when I saw Diping go out of the room just now, he was moved, ashamed and respected. It should be said that from this moment on, Li Sheng felt that it was worth selling his life to di Ping. Later, he let him go up the mountain and go down to the sea of fire.

Di Ping didn't know about these inner activities. He didn't know that it was just a simple action that really made Li Sheng's heart fluctuate. He also didn't know that today's unintentional action subdued a dead follower. Sometimes people are very simple. You do a lot for one person, and the person doesn't necessarily appreciate you. But sometimes a very small person who you think can't do something small may be hurt shed tears of gratitude.

During the Three Kingdoms period, Cao Cao came out barefoot to meet Xu you, and immediately moved Xu you and got Xu you's loyalty. Xu you made a plan for Cao Cao and defeated Yuan Shao Yu in Guandu, which was the famous battle of pingguandu. Sometimes, what won people's hearts was not the great favor, but often it was just a small matter, because these unintentional little things really reflected a person's heart.

At about seven o'clock, everyone got up again and again, and they didn't have to cook in the morning. With all these steamed buns, Yu Shujie was afraid that the gas would be cut off at night, so she made more steamed bread. Di Ping found several bags of pickled vegetables from the box, and several people ate the steamed bread with mustard.

People were eating. At this time, Yu Shujie came out of the room at di Ping's door. They all looked at her immediately. The fat man was biting the steamed bread. The steamed bread was biting in his mouth. His eyes were staring at her.

Yu Shujie didn't expect that everyone was sitting at the dining table. The table was facing Diping's room. She could see it clearly. Her face suddenly turned red like a piece of cloth. She quickly walked a few steps to her room.

Di Zhujie's eyes were dull from the door until she woke up.

"What eyes do you have! Nothing! I saw her fall asleep just now, so I put the room to sleep! " Di Ping looked at the crowd gathered to his eyes, immediately covered with black lines, one hand holding steamed bread, the other hand patting the innocent way on the forehead.

"Damn it! You · "just saw the expression of who believed, and di Ping was anxious. When he saw Li Sheng, he suddenly thought that Li Sheng was there just now, so he looked at Li Sheng in a hurry, hoping that Li Sheng could get rid of the encirclement.

"Li Sheng, you were there just now. Did you see that?"

Li Sheng, however, shook his head innocently and gnawed at his steamed bread with a small dish.

"Me, his mother!" Di Ping almost had a mouthful of old blood gushing out. He didn't think that Li Sheng was really withered. He didn't pay attention to it. Now he understood the nature of this guy and glared at him fiercely. Finally, he waved his hand impatiently and said, "I don't want to explain it to you! The thought is too impure

"Ha ha..." ordinary people suddenly burst into laughter.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!