Chapter 10

"Poof ·······" was a sharp blade, and the sword was stabbing at the neck of the mutant dog, and the blood gushed out immediately. As the peak of forging weapon technology on the earth, the sharpness of Han sword is quite good.

The mutant dog twitched weakly, and a pair of blood red eyes were staring at Diping. There were infinite accidents. It seemed that they did not believe that they were so simple to die in the hands of human beings. The three people behind were also stupid. It was very surprising that such a fierce mutant dog died in Diping's hands so easily.

Only dipin knew that these mutant dogs believed too much in their own speed and regarded him as an ordinary person. He did not expect that his speed and strength were much higher than those of ordinary people. Otherwise, it would be very unlikely that he would try to solve this mutant dog without getting hurt.

As soon as the sword was drawn, the mutant corpse fell on the ground, and the blood soon dyed a piece of grass red. At this time, a dark green soul energy the size of a ping-pong ball rose slowly, and then turned into a mass of streamer and shot into di Ping's body.

"Di ··· found the soul energy, the system is not turned on, unable to store, consume energy to strengthen the host body"

a warm current stronger than before rose from the depth of the body, and then poured into the whole body. The whole body was warm immediately. After more than ten seconds, the energy disappeared. Dipin's hands clenched and rattled. This time, the strength increased too much, only two times in total Full of 200 kg, feeling the powerful power gave him a stronger belief to survive.

Suddenly, di Ping was surprised. He forgot that there were three people behind him! Will not find them, turn around and see that the three are stupid, but also tightly staring at the mutant dog on the ground, some unthinkable meaning.

"Dee Digo, you are too... Too much!" The fat man stammered at the mutant dog on the ground.

"Mm-hmm..." the other two drooled and nodded.

"They don't seem to find soul energy. Can only I see this?" Diping saw that the three people were just surprised that he killed the mutant dog, but he was not surprised by the soul energy, because if he saw it, he would be more surprised than killing the mutant dog!

"Di... Find the crystal nucleus, please collect it!"

At this time, the system suddenly prompts.

"Crystal nucleus again?" Di Ping's heart was happy, but he did nothing else. With a sword, he cut open the head of the mutant dog. Sure enough, a round white jade ball the size of a thumb cap appeared in front of him.

Di Ping did not care about blood, bent down to pick up the crystal nucleus, wiped it down and put it into his pocket.

"Dicko! What's this... This is! " The fat man also saw Diping cut open the head of the mutant dog to take this thing, some doubts.

"I'm going back to tell you to leave first!" Di Ping didn't answer the fat man's question. He looked around carefully and said that he would walk with his legs raised.

The fat man seems to think that this is not the time and doesn't bother with this problem. He quickly follows Di Ping. Li Sheng and Lao Luo also put down their doubts and follow up with the two people in front of him. After walking past the middle-aged woman who was bitten by a mutant dog, Diping stops, and the woman's body is still slightly twitching, but the whole back neck has been broken to pieces. It seems that Li Sheng and Lao Luo can't live any longer With a sigh, he shook his head and stepped back into the grass.

Life in the end of the world is as cheap as grass. It's true. In the past, dipin didn't feel it. Today, he really felt it. But in this damned world, he can't control his ability now.

From time to time, the screams came from everywhere. Diping and his party carefully moved the grass, walking and stopping. From time to time, Diping listened and found that there was no problem before moving forward.

Less than two kilometers, they walked for nearly an hour. The barking of the dog gradually faded away, and the scream became more and more rare. Di Ping felt a sigh in his heart. It seemed that the hundred people team was almost dead.

"Who?" At this time, a low voice came from the grass in front of him.

"Is that brother Wang ahead?" On hearing this, di Ping knew that the voice was Wang Delin. Although the voice was somewhat distorted, he could still distinguish clearly with his three strengthened hearing.

"Dee Dee, brother Dee!" At this time, Wang Delin also heard Di Ping's voice. He quickly pulled aside the grass, stretched out his head and looked at the four Di Ping people. He was stunned and immediately said, "you're all OK, great!"

Di Ping nodded and picked up the grass and walked by. As soon as he got close, he found that there were more than 20 people here. These people are really lucky, di Ping thought.

"Brother Wang, what are you going to do next?" Glancing at a group of people crouching on the ground, di Ping frowned, then looked at Wang Delin and asked in a low voice.

"I think it's better to go to the provincial government to meet." Wang Delin seems to be determined to go to the provincial government. Hearing Di Ping's question, he gritted his teeth firmly.

"Brother Wang, I don't think it's reliable. The journey is too far and there are too many dangers on the road! I'm not going to go. " Di Ping some speechless, but he can't control other people's ideas, can only shake his head.

He has been strengthened three times, which shows that the thing in his mind is really useful. However, he does not want to let too many people know that his current ability is undoubtedly a time bomb. Therefore, it is not a good choice to join and enter the military base. It is the best choice for him to stay here and give full play to his golden finger.

"Brother Di!" Wang Delin a listen to di Ping do not go, look a tight, said in a hurry, but after the words have not been exported, di Ping waved to interrupt."I'm not going either, Diego. I'll go with you!" At this time, Chen Gang, the fat man behind him, said.

"Me too!" Li Shengluo elder brother, two people also express a position quickly.

They are not stupid, because they saw the strength of Diping. The sudden power, the speed of sword wielding, and the ability to kill mutant dogs in seconds are definitely not ordinary people. They are the safest people to follow such talents. When they just go out, they will fall into pieces and die miserably. If they go to the place, there are still several people who can live.

"I... I'll go back too!" Then a young girl wiped her tears and said.

"I... I still have me!" One of the middle-aged men stood up and said.

Three more people came forward. In addition to Chen Gang, five people wanted to go back together. They were not ready to go to the provincial government. Wang Delin's eyes flashed a haze, but he was helpless. After all, he could not control others.

"Well, let's go." Diping didn't dare to stay any more. The smell was strong when there were many people. The mutant dog might catch up at any time.

"Brother Wang, we are going back. You should be careful all the way." Di Ping saw the five people standing up, looked back at Wang Delin, stretched out his hand and whispered.

"Good! Goodbye

Wang Delin also stretched out his hand, two people shallow a grip to separate.

"Go Di Ping called a few people, bending down to pull aside the grass to the direction of the community.

Chen Gang, the fat man, followed closely, and the other five, three men and two women, also followed closely into the grass, and soon disappeared in the thick grass. Wang Delin gazed at the direction of Di Ping's people's disappearance for a while, but also gritted his teeth in a low voice to greet them, and walked along the road to the city center.

They walked cautiously for nearly half an hour. When the grass was cleared again, the community reappeared in front of them. The big words "green edge" on the tall door of the community were so kind: if the situation was not right, everyone would like to cheer; Di Ping also gave a long breath.

Di Ping looked around and found that it seemed safe. There was no one and no mutant dog. He was more quiet and silent. Then he led the crowd to the gate.

"Bark... Ah... Help!" Di Ping and his party just stepped into the gate when they heard the barking of dogs and human screams.

People look back, it turns out that Wang Delin and his party, only 20 people left less than 10 people, is running towards the direction of the community, followed by five or six mutant dogs; Wang Delin actually does not jog in the front.

When Wang Delin saw Diping and his party, his eyes brightened and he ran to this side.

"He's numb!" Di Ping knew that the king Badan wanted to pull himself into the water. It was really not a thing, but now was not the time to scold. He quickly murmured "run!".

When the first to take the lead to turn around to run, but there are five or six, the back do not know if there are still, if surrounded by their own sure to play, do not run to wait for when.

The seven people around Di Ping had already rushed into the community in the blink of an eye without waiting for Di Ping's order to turn around. How fast he was, he rushed into the community first and ran straight to the building where he lived. Only when he got on the building was safe. Several mutant dogs in the empty field could not do it themselves. Only when they were dispersed could they break down one by one. Taizu and his old people all guided him.

"Ah... There was another scream, and it seemed that someone was caught up again.

The thick grass on the ground has now become a life hunting lock for the fugitive. The grass is too thick and can't run fast with legs. However, the mutant dog has nothing to do with it. Its speed is many times faster than that of human beings. At this time, it is faster. From time to time, there are screams from behind. People are heartbroken and run for their lives.

Di Ping ran to the door, quickly input the password of the security door, opened the security door with a click, and stood at the door, calling the people quickly.

"Come on! Come in Li Sheng was the first one. This guy was not slow. He rushed in first, and another young man was at the back. Soon, brother Luo rushed in. When everyone came in, only the fat man Chen Gang still had more than 20 meters. He was too fat and could not run fast.

"Wang Delin!" At this time, di Ping found that Wang Delin was faster than the fat man, and rushed over quickly, followed by a white faced middle-aged man.

"Close the door Rushing in, Wang Delin was rushing to close the door.

"No way! There are still people out there! " At this time, di Ping whispered.

"Fat man, run!" Di Ping gave a high drink.

As the fat man ran and looked back, tears and sweat were pouring. More than ten meters behind him, there were three people, two men and one woman. The man still had a child of five or six years old in his arms. A mutant dog killed the last one, and red eyes rushed at the three people. These mutant dogs seemed to be very bloodthirsty. As long as someone was in front of him, he would not stop until he killed everyone Not for the blood that has been bitten.

At this time, the man holding the child in front of him suddenly threw the child into the arms of the woman behind him, and said in a shrill voice, "run!".

After that, he took a baseball bat in both hands and drank, and rushed to the chasing mutant dog

"ah... I · fuck your ancestors!"

"Ah! Husband At this time, the woman was a little muffled and cried out bitterly.

At this time, another man responded, reached out and grabbed the woman and ran away. The woman seemed to know that her husband had given her and her children a chance to survive with his life. She cried and ran to the door."Ah..." the man who rushed to the mutant dog waved a baseball bat before it hit the mutant dog. The mutant dog bit him in the throat and blood spattered immediately.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!