Chapter 18

Di Ping was so frightening yesterday that he killed the mutant dog like cutting vegetables. He was covered with blood, looked like a mad devil, and was unfamiliar with everyone. After a short time, he saw that di Ping had been calm and cut Wang Delin's hand with a sword. In fact, everyone in his heart was afraid of him. Several people knew that there was a watchman last night. Di Ping could not do anything to Yu Shujie. He only saw Yu Shujie from di Ping's room After Li Sheng took Di Ping as his brother, his bad nature was exposed and he put Di Ping in a knife.

When people saw that di Ping was sweating because of misunderstanding, he was at a loss. He was in a hurry to explain. He found that he was a big boy next door? The decisive young man was not terrible, but rather cute, and everyone was relaxed and laughed.

"Oh... You bastards dare to make fun of me At this time, Diping realized that these people were making fun of themselves, and their hearts were warm. They knew that these people really regarded themselves as brothers. I thought that you guys would join hands to make fun of me, and I would also play with you. Thinking of this, I decided to clean up the community today, and you'd better go ahead

"Ah The fat man bit the steamed bread in his mouth, immediately fell off the table, screamed, and then immediately begged to look at di Ping, that innocent eyes with infinite pity, "Diego, I give you all the more than 200 kg, you should not feed me to the mutant dog!"

"You fatso, are you disgusting! Come on, come on, stop it! having dinner! After a while, I'll be out of food! " At this time, Cheng Chao scolded.

People are laughing again. The fat man is a pistachio. Every time he makes him laugh and cry, the fat man will be disgusted. The dead fat man will sell cute. The question is, do you sell it well?

After a while, Yu Shujie came out of the room with her little girl in her arms. Her expression was very normal. It seemed that there was nothing wrong with her, but the ruddy of her ears revealed that she was not as calm as she seemed at this time. People also knew that things could be stopped. If the joke was over, it would be no fun. Therefore, she did not bother about it.

·····························

"sister Yu, today we go out to clean up the floor and collect food, so don't go and stay at home with your baby!" After everyone finished eating, di Ping said to Yu Shujie.

"Well, then! I can't help either Yu Shujie has some lost ways.

"It's also necessary to watch the house. When we're gone, don't open the door no matter who calls!" Di Ping smiles and then comforts the way. Speechless,

fat four people were ready to carry weapons and waited for Diping. Diping looked at the weapons on the hands of the people, and said that there was something left behind, and the fat or the steel bars. Li Sheng took a baseball bat and became a one meter long steel pipe that he did not know. Luo Quanyou was spying and whitewashed. It seemed that he used to work normally. You can't make weapons if you don't open them. Let's do it now!

Out of the door, di Ping asked Yu Shujie to close the door. He wanted to sweep the building first and ensure that he and others had a safe place.

There are only two families on this floor, one on his own and one on the left. They don't know whether they are still there or not, and they haven't heard any news. Now they just check it out and clean up the door first.

When a group of people stand at the door, di Ping signals to Cheng Chao to knock on the door. Why let Cheng Chao go? Several Chengchao people have the most friendly faces. They are upright. What's more, they look good. They can make people believe that they can call the door. Maybe the owner will be more relieved.

"Bang Bang... Anybody?" Cheng Chao nods and goes to the door quietly.

There were more than a dozen calls, and there was no movement in the door. Diping listened attentively, but he did not hear any movement in the room. It seemed that there was no one in the room.

"Fat man, did you have this family last time Di Ping turned to look at the fat man and asked softly.

"Dick, there was no response in the last call. I thought there was no one living there?" The fat man thought about it and said, after all, what happened the day before yesterday can't be forgotten.

"No, there are people living in this house. The night before last, I heard voices from the other side!" Diping remembered that there were people in the house.

"What do you do, Diego?" Cheng Chao knocked again, but there was no one, so he had to go back and ask Di Ping.

"Get out of my way!" Di Ping thought for a moment, and confirmed again that there must have been someone in this family before, and he did not follow the crowd to the provincial government. It must be at home. Now he is silent. Either he is afraid to speak out, or something has happened to someone.

Diping went to the door and held the door handle. The doors of the community were all opened outwards, so it was difficult to knock them open, and it was difficult to force them to open outwards. As a result, mutant mice and dogs in the building were rarely able to enter.

Diping held the door handle with both hands and gently pulled it for a few times. The whole door shook. He looked at the door and found that the door was solid. He shook the door, but the door frame rattled and dust fell on the top. Seeing this, he grasped the doorknob with both hands and drank gently.

"Hi ·"

he pulled his shoulders fiercely, and Qianjin giant force suddenly started.

"Click ···"

there was a violent click of the door, and the dust on the door was whirring down; when Di Ping saw the door, he stepped on the ground with his feet, and his shoulders were blue, and his eyes were staring and his mouth was drinking."Bang ···"

the steel gate was pulled out by Di Pingsheng. The steel bolt with the thickness of children's arm on the cross column of the upper door frame was bent and deformed. The cement on the door head was pulled and crushed. He put the door on the side, patted the ash on his hand and head, and reached for the sword in his hand.

"Go ·"

when I turned back, I called people into the room, but when I turned back, I found that a group of people were staring at dipin like a monster. No wonder these people were so surprised. We should know what force is needed to open the door! Arm thick steel bar bending, this is not Superman is what, they have seen dipin crazy, know his strength is strong, but did not expect strong into such.

"Dicko! Are you sure you're not Superman? " The fat man swallowed his mouth and pinched the meat on Diping's arm, as if to confirm whether he was a real person.

"Lao Tzu is a human being. Come on, come in and follow me. Be careful!" Di Ping is not angry to break off the fat man's hand, and then call everyone into the room.

The layout of this room is the same as that of Di Ping, and the decoration style is slightly different. Di Ping is a simple western style dress, and this one is also a western style, but it is really luxurious. The decoration is gorgeous and unusual. It looks very neat. Once entering the room, there is a faint smell of powder and powder. It is obviously the residence of a woman. Diping moves into the room step by step with a sword and uses both ears and eyes. He always feels that the room is different It seems that there is an abnormal feeling.

"Dee... Digo, dead man!" Then the fat man suddenly exclaimed.

"Keep it down!" Di Ping also saw it for the first time, but the fat man frightened him with a cry, and drank softly.

This is a woman, wearing a black casual nightdress, leaning against the brown leather sofa with her head raised and her hair black and long. She is said to be dead because her face is pale and her eyes are still round and staring, as if she is watching people. The bloodstain on her mouth has been flowing to her shoulder, and she is already brown and black.

Slowly approaching, Diping saw clearly that the woman's chest clothes were scratched, showing snow-white skin, but the chest was a bloody blur, like a hole was opened, the viscera also flowed out on the sofa; although Di Ping killed a lot of mutant dogs, he also saw a lot of tragic images, but this is also a tumultuous heart.

"Vomit"

at this time, the fat man couldn't help it at first, and then he turned and vomited.

"Er!" Di Ping resisted the discomfort in her heart and looked at the wound on the woman's chest. Suddenly, she felt a congealment in her heart, "this is the scratch of animal claws.".

"Be careful, there may be mutant cats!"

Di Ping's face suddenly changed. He remembered this woman. It was very rare for her to go out and only went shopping in the supermarket. He lived here for only two months and saw this woman no more than five times. He had seen this woman before when taking the elevator. She was always alone, holding a white kitten every day.

Di Ping looked around and found that the glass was not broken. It seemed that the cat was still in the room, but he didn't know where to hide. He didn't know how the mutated cat would be. Moreover, the most important cat is like a killer. It always hides in the dark and doesn't make a sound. Once the opportunity comes, he will quickly take action.

Dipin was a little nervous. He didn't like the feeling of being watched. No matter how powerful he was face to face, he would dare to go forward to do it. The opponent like cat is the most headache.

When they heard this, they were looking at the exaggerated wounds of the women. The pieces of meat that came out of the sharp claws made people's scalp numb, and they immediately grasped the weapon nervously. The fat man Chen Gang didn't vomit at this time and looked around nervously.

Di Ping glanced at the top of the building and found that he could rest assured of the roof. Although the decorated roof was flat, there was no hidden slot, and the cat had no space to hide. Just pay attention to the surrounding areas.

"Get out of here and block the door for me!" Dipin thought that these people were really not helpful in the house. He also cared about them not to be attacked.

"Diego, we're here to help you!" The fat man waved his weapon, though his tone was a little nervous.

"It's OK. You go out! So I don't have to be distracted and block the door so it doesn't have to run out! " Di Ping explained with a smile.

"Well, Diego, be careful!" Fat several people this just answer a voice slowly to retreat outwards.

The four men lifted the door and installed it. Diping stood by the door and looked around with sharp eyes.

"Close up! Come on Di Ping suddenly drank a urge way.

Then the sword was staring at the study. He saw a flash of white shadow in the study just now. He knew that this guy was very smart. It seemed to know what he was waiting for.

"Late!" Then suddenly, di Ping whispered.

The white cat knew that she could get out of the door just now, but a few people were not far away from the door. Moreover, she felt a strong blood wave from Diping, which made her afraid and afraid to move easily. But when she saw that di et al. Wanted to block the door, she could not wait.

It is not easy to wait for this opportunity to go out, certainly do not want to give up, can only rush out, hope to be able to rush out before blocking.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!