Chapter 14

"Little girl, are you hungry! Come and eat bread The 20-year-old woman who lost her husband was sitting on the sofa on her left with her baby in her arms. She saw that her face had recovered a lot, but her face had little expression. The little girl in her arms seemed to recover her child nature from her fear. Her long eyelashes flashed and her big black eyes were secretly looking at dipin.

"Come on! Eat it! It's delicious Looking at the child, some are afraid to look at the bread and some greedy, and then soft voice.

"Baby, thank you, uncle!" At this time, the woman spoke, her voice soft and warm.

At this time, di Ping carefully looked at the woman in front of her, and found that she was really beautiful. Her body was plump, her chest was protruding, her waist was thin, her hair was black and straight, her five views were fine, her eyebrows and eyes were thin, her nose was small, and her smile gave her a thousand amorous feelings. At this time, her upper body was wearing a tight T-shirt and her lower body was wearing a pair of light blue jeans, which was tight and tight, which highlighted the perfect curve of her buttocks, especially with soft The soft voice shows a woman's maturity, charm and intelligence incisively and vividly. If she didn't cry with some red eyes and dim complexion, the score could be above 90.

The opposite woman seems to feel that Diping has been staring at her eyes for a long time. She immediately blushes and lowers her head.

"Keke ·"

if we want to say that di Ping has seen many beautiful women in business these years, Dingli also has some. He feels that it is wrong to see others like this, so he coughs twice to cover up his embarrassment.

"Introduce myself, my name is Diping. Everyone will introduce their names and occupations to each other. If we want to eat in a pot in the future, it's more convenient to understand each other!" Di Ping now only knows the fat Chen Gang, the facial paralysis Li Sheng and Lao Luo, this woman and the middle-aged man do not understand.

"My name is Chen Gang. My nickname is fat. I'm the warehouse supervisor of Yunjia supermarket. You can call me fat!" Fat man Chen Gang first laughs and introduces himself.

"Li Sheng, transport leader of Yunjia Shangchao", Li Sheng is still simple and clear.

"Luo Quan has it. If you do architectural decoration, please call me Lao Luo!" Lao Luo is a bit shy.

"Veterans of Chengchao, those who opened hotels before, please call at will! It's called a Cheng, old Chengdu can be "the middle-aged man introduced with a smile, his voice was warm and solemn, and he still had the heroic and forthright spirit of the soldiers.

"My name is Yu Shujie. Professional managers mainly do business planning!" All of a sudden, they all saw that they were nervous.

It's so beautiful that people are beautiful and their names are beautiful, di Ping praised secretly.

Call me ye Nan Nan At this time, suddenly the woman pregnant with small and medium-sized girls seems to see that everyone has finished introducing themselves. It should be their turn to introduce themselves.

"Ha ha! Yes, yes, and our girls After hearing this, di Ping burst into laughter. The child was so funny that he wanted to tease her, "what's our baby's job?"

"I... I'm still a child? There's a job! Uncle is so stupid. "The child's little eyes turned white. Di Ping said with a small mouth.

"Keke ·"

Di Ping was choked and almost didn't come out. He coughed several times. He looked at the little girl with some bitterness, and didn't want to be despised.

At this time, all the people in the room burst into laughter and were amused by the little girl. Yu Shujie also pursed her lips and slapped the child's ass as if she were blaming her.

The sad atmosphere of the end of the world seems to dilute a lot in this laugh, and the relationship between us seems to be a lot closer, more eager, less alienated.

"I think everyone is hungry! There is food in the kitchen, who can make some food! My craft is very general, can only be regarded as cooked food! " Diping touched his nose. He didn't know what to say here. He couldn't even get the little girl, so he had to change the topic.

"Shall I come?" At this time, the woman suddenly said, "although I have work, I usually cook for my daughter after work, isn't it, Nannan?"

"Mm-hmm, mom's cooking is delicious!" When the girl saw her mother asking herself, she suddenly nodded like a little pigeon.

"Well, it will be hard for you. We believe in the baby!" Di Ping is smiling and touching the little girl with pain on her face.

"Mm-hmm, you've got a bite to eat. My father can't usually eat it?" The little girl nodded her head with some pride.

Hearing this, the woman's eyes were full of tears, and dipin was heartbroken. The little girl might not have realized that her father had left him forever. She tried to resist the tears in her eyes and said to the little girl with a smile, "OK, we want to thank you, baby! Today, we have a blessing in our mouth

"Mr. Di, I'm going to cook!" It seemed that Yu Shujie was afraid to stay any longer, and her tears would not help, so she got up in a hurry.

"All right, go!" Di Ping voice looks dark.

Yu Shujie hurried into the kitchen with her child in her arms. It seemed that there were beasts behind her, and her steps were all a little shaky. Everyone looked at them and could only sigh.

With Shu Jie's departure, the crowd became silent. Di Ping leaned back on the sofa to rest. Today, he was really tired, and several others were also very tired. They were scared and ran. Their physical strength had already been overdrawn. Now, as soon as she eased down, his whole body was aching, and he didn't want to move.From the kitchen came the pounding sound of pots, bowls, ladles and spoons, followed by the sound of knife cutting. For a moment, the whole room was even more silent. In the silence, women's low sobs could be heard from time to time. All the people looked sad for a moment, but no one spoke.

This woman is really good. She is not only gentle and beautiful, but also very virtuous. In a short time, five dishes are served on the table, with all kinds of colors and flavors. Just smelling the fragrance makes people have an appetite. Diping has been hungry for a long time in the morning. She always feels hungry after eating some bread.

Finally, the woman carries a basin of rice on the table, which just smiles and greets everyone to eat on the table.

"Come on, start to eat. People are iron and rice is steel. If you don't eat a meal, you'll have the biggest meal. Only when you have enough food can you have the strength to work." Di Ping stood up and asked people to eat at the table while walking.

When they heard the greeting, they all stood up and went to the restaurant. To tell the truth, everyone was hungry. However, Diping didn't move. They were not very active. Only when Diping called, did they rush into the restaurant.

"Come on, baby, sit next to your uncle!" Di Ping went to the dining table and looked at the girl who was drooling at the front table with a smile. He picked her up and put her on the side seat, while he sat on the master seat. Then he asked several people to "sit down! I'm not hungry! Prepare to eat standing up! "

Several people listened to di Ping's words all ha ha to laugh, and then did not refuse to let each find a seat to sit down.

As soon as di Ping sat down, Yu Shujie rushed forward to help her with a bowl of rice. She looked nervous, and her forehead was covered with sweat. Her hair was wet. She was in a trance and thought that she was a smart woman. She knew how to put herself in a proper position.

"Let's give it to our baby first! A child is growing up, isn't it Di Ping took the rice with a smile, then put the rice in front of her daughter and said with a smile. She saw the nervous face of Yu Shujie from the corner of her eyes. At this time, she showed a relaxed look. She seemed to have a long breath. Her expression was a little excited and some lost.

Dee Ping's mouth opened gently. He found that he really appreciated this woman. He was worthy of being a senior professional manager. He had a good grasp of human nature. In the end of the world, such a person was not human, morality and law were destroyed, and the evil in human nature was unlimited released. If such a vulnerable group as women did not know the way to survive in the last world, it was very difficult for the woman to recognize it so quickly Point. This has to give dippinggao a look.

She served Diping dinner, which means that she was the head of the family and attached to her. If she didn't accept her, she would not accept her participation, because she knew that in the end of the world, women are usually useless, maybe useful, that is to enslave men, but she didn't want to, so attaching to a strong person who doesn't look like a bad person is her best choice at present; However, Diping accepted her meal but gave it to her daughter, which means that she accepted her attachment, but not as a woman, but as a mother.

So she was a little relieved, some happy, because with the support, she was no longer afraid that she would not be able to survive in such an end of life, but at the same time, she was also a little lost. To know that a beautiful woman is not self-confident, she knows how she looks. She always has to receive people and things when she works. She can feel the burning eyes of all the men who look at him, but it is not for this Accept yourself, just because you are a baby mother, which can not help her some loss.

Sometimes a woman is always a contradiction. She wants a man because he loves her from the inside, not from the outside. But if a man ignores her beauty, she will be shocked. This is the contradiction of women. Anyway, it is right.

The girl should have been starving for a long time. After taking the meal, Diping patted the girl's head with a smile. Her eyes were full of love. Such a lovely girl lost her father and dependence in this last world. Her mother was unable to protect her, so she had to bend down to protect her.

As the old saying goes, if a mother is a son, then it is strong. It's true that suishu Jie's daughter is beautiful, but she is decent between her eyebrows. She doesn't look like a casual woman. But she made up her mind in this short time. How can Di Ping say anything about her?.

At this time, Yu Shujie woke up from her random thinking, saw that di Ping saw herself again, and hastened to fill a bowl of rice again and handed it over; Di Ping took the meal and nodded, "sit down and eat! I've been tired all morning

"Oh! Good In fact, Yu Shujie was tired for a long time. Hearing Di Ping's order, she quickly sat down at the bottom of the table. Suddenly, she seemed to be a ball of vent and collapsed in her chair.

Several people early hungry, urgent Sheng rice to the mouth grilled, at this time also tube do not eat well! In fact, these days, the family dare not open fire, just eat some dry mouth has long been greedy.

Di Ping tasted a few dishes. Not to mention, these five dishes are really good. They are much better than those made in many restaurants. The taste is just right, and the heat control is almost perfect. The dishes are pure, green and green. They are not old or fresh. They are delicious. They can't help but praise "Miss Yu's craft is really good. You can open a restaurant!"

After listening to di Ping's words, Yu Shujie looked relaxed and took a long sigh of relief. At last, she was not a useless person and proved the value of her existence to everyone.

"Woo Hoo... Yummy, delicious!" The fat man snatched to put it into his mouth, and his mouth was full of paste."Why didn't the fat man choke you?" Li Sheng was suddenly angry.

"Er ···" the fat man seemed to be choking. He covered his neck and coughed. His face turned red. He grabbed a bottle of water and drank most of it before he could breathe.

"You are dead face paralysis face, later don't call facial paralysis, call you crow mouth instead!" The fat man pointed at Li Sheng and scolded him, while Li Shengyun snatched the food on the table.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!