Chapter 24

In fact, not only do fat people have such questions, but also some people want to ask, "Diego, are you superman?" It's just that people are not fat and thick skinned. If they make di Ping angry, they will die. If they don't look at the dead snake lying on the ground, if it can be called a snake now, if you look closely, you will think it is a kind of broken sack and cracked everywhere.

Di Ping looked at it carefully and found nothing valuable information. He picked up the Han sword that landed on the ground, broke the Python's head with a sword, and took out a ball of red jujube sized delicate jade like beads. This crystal nucleus is bigger than any other in the past. Before Diping had no exploration, I don't know what grade the mutant dog is. Maybe the mutant snake is better than the mutant dog on the same level Just look at dipin's tragedy.

"Damn it!"

Di Ping suddenly scolded secretly! He stepped back and looked unbelievable.

At this time, a green soul energy about the size of a fist suddenly rose from the python, and quickly rushed into his body

the reason why Di Ping scolded him was that he didn't expect that the python was so strong that he only died now. Just now, he only paid attention to the cool smashing and did not pay attention to the energy. He thought that the python should be dead. Now he was shocked to see that he was still alive.

"Di... Found that the soul energy could not be stored, consumed energy to strengthen the host body"

a mass of energy rose in dipin's body once, just with dipin's current feeling that this mass of energy flowed through the whole body, the body's feeling was very weak, the body's strengthening was not much, and the strengthening power was even less pitiful, better than nothing! With his current strength, this strengthening is really less pitiful. The impact of the increase in dozens of catties is not great, but it is always better than none.

"Dicko! What about the python? "

Cheng Chao looks at di Ping, after collecting the crystal nucleus, looks at the Python's body and asks.

Di Ping grabbed the tail of the Python and walked forward for a few steps. With the strength of his arm, he turned around and threw the python out easily. With a cry, the python rolled and flew out like a piece of hemp rope. It hit the big tree beside the road with a crash. After rolling for several times, he hung it on the tree and kept shaking.

"Put it here and frighten the mutant animals!"

Di Ping clapped his hands and said with a smile.

Several people were shocked in their eyes. Although they had seen Di Ping's bravery just now, they only saw that di Ping threw a python like a hemp rope to a tree 30 meters away. It was really hard for people to accept.

"Go! We have to carry the gas tank

After walking two steps, Diping seemed to feel that the crowd did not keep up with him. He saw the shock in the eyes of the four and the adoring look at him. Although he had experienced a lot and had grown up a lot, he still enjoyed the look. He was only a young man of 25-6 years old.

"Oh! Here we are

Then they all took back their shocked eyes, followed Di Ping quickly and went to the store.

After a while, they walked out of the hotel again. They saw that di Ping connected the two gas tanks with two ropes, two on one side, as if they had no weight. In the back, only Lao Luo was carrying the remaining one. Cheng Chao supported Li Sheng, and the fat man seemed to have recovered a lot. Actually, he followed him, and his steps were much faster.

In the worried eyes of Yu Shujie, di Ping and his party went back to their house, laid Li Sheng on the sofa, and then moved the gas tank into the kitchen. Lao Luo is a professional here. He installed a gas stove on the third day, the fifth day, the second day of the third month. Everyone was relieved and finally they could have a hot meal.

Di Ping came to the bathroom again and pulled off the clothes that were already out of shape. There was not much water left. He didn't dare to waste any more. He just scrubbed and found that his injuries were all healed. Even his broken ribs were no longer painful.

Feeling the violent power in his body, di Ping sighed. Although he was hurt badly this time, he almost died, but the harvest was also huge. He always thought that he had to wait for the pub to build to open his potential. Unexpectedly, he opened his potential ahead of time, and his potential reached level B.

He has been playing this game for a long time. He knows that d-level and C-level heroes are the easiest to obtain, while level B is more difficult to obtain. However, when he reaches level a and how difficult it is to obtain s and SS levels on this level, the refresh rate of the phone is too low. Most of the S-level heroes of Di Ping are obtained by recharging.

I just don't know whether the potential level in the real world will be the same, and whether the level of B-level potential is rare or not is unknown. He can only take a step and look at it.

In fact, he was a bit disappointed. He didn't expect that he was only a B-level potential. You know, the difference of potential level is very obvious. First, the higher the potential level is, the higher the starting point is. The later is that the increase will be different with each upgrade. For example, every level D increases by 1, then C is increased by 1.5, and B is 2, so the SS level is directly If you increase it to 4, what do you think is the gap between them? It's getting bigger and bigger. So the potential level determines your future development. How can B-level potential not disappoint dipin.

What's more, the biggest gain today is that he has acquired two skills, one of which is a gifted skill. Up to now, he hasn't carefully examined the use of this skill, but he has used the other skill exploration, which is too practical. He has a feeling that this skill will help him greatly in the future.A new suit of clothes came out, and everyone sat around the hall talking. The fat man was talking about the thrilling scene of his brave boa constrictor.

"It's like you flew into the grass with one move."

Li Sheng seems to be unable to listen to someone bragging, with his weak voice.

"Dead face paralysis, not dead yet! If you don't speak, you'll die in a hurry

When the fat man was exposed, his face turned red, staring at Li Sheng and gnashing his teeth.

"It can hold back!"

Li Sheng or that face is light and light. He doesn't pay attention to the anger of the fat man and says lightly.

"Poop!"

Yu Shujie was amused by Li Sheng's words, and she couldn't help but burst out laughing. The crowd also started to laugh.

"You, you The fat man rolled his eyes in anger and pointed to Li Sheng. You couldn't speak.

"Diego

Cheng Chao is sitting by the window. As soon as di Ping comes out, he sees it and quickly stands up.

"Diego ·"

several people also stood up when they heard the voice. Even Li Sheng, who was half lying, was ready to get up. His eyes were full of respect. He was the respect from their heart, without any trace of farsightedness.

"All right! Sit down! I'm at home at random. Don't make me feel at home! " Di Ping waved reproachfully, and then looked at Li Sheng, who was half up on the sofa, "be honest! You think you have fat body! Lie down

"Dicko! I didn't bother you? "

In the face of an innocent man.

"You fat man, is this praise you? Your flesh is equivalent to armor, or you have to lie like Li Sheng! " Di Ping said with a smile.

"Ah! Don't say, this is also our advantage, isn't it! Do you want brother to teach you how to gain weight when you are facial paralysis? You will be fine today as long as I am like this! " Fat man seems to feel that di Ping is right. He immediately smiles and turns to Li Sheng to sell treasure.

Li Sheng is not angry at the fat man, and then lying on the sofa ignore him.

"Li Sheng, how do you feel? Have you hurt your internal organs?" Di Ping carefully saw Li Sheng's face that trace of pain, some worried asked.

"I don't know if I've been hurt! It's just that sometimes it hurts in my chest when I breathe! " Li Sheng, a weak advocate, seems afraid to speak out loud.

"It may have been hurt. We don't have a doctor here!" Di Ping looked at the people and saw that they also shook their heads, and then said, "you try to lie down and don't move around. We'll see if we can find a doctor in the afternoon."

"Thank you! Dicko Li Sheng struggled to get up, a trace of gratitude flashed in his eyes.

"Brother of life and death, please don't say such words again in the future." Di Ping smiles and presses Li Sheng on the sofa to lie down again.

With the gas at noon, she could make a fire to cook. Yu Shujie simply cooked a few dishes. This time, she added a meat dish, which was put in a basin. This was what Di Ping ordered. She knew that everyone had not eaten meat for a few days, and he was also greedy. He just suffered from vegetarianism.

A pot of stewed mutton, solid pieces of mutton, and some carrots, it is called a incense. The corners of people's mouths are greasy, and the little girl's head is full of sweat. Even the talkative mouth is busy chewing meat and has no time to speak. And dipin also ate two bowls of meat before he felt warm in his stomach.

Di Ping felt that with the enhancement of his body function, his demand for energy would be more and more large, and ordinary food would be more and more difficult to fill his stomach, and meat with more energy would be his main food source until there was no other better way.

In the morning, Diping had two soul stirring battles, which cost him a lot, especially the first World War of Python. He thought he was going to die here, and finally he lived by his potential. Now the mutton is in his belly and he has food in his stomach. When he relaxes, he feels lazy and has no strength.

"I'll go to sleep and wake me up at two o'clock!"

Di Ping told Yu Shujie, who was cleaning up the tabletop and chopsticks, and then walked into the room with a heavy step.

Lying in bed, I wanted to study my acquired skills. Just as soon as my head got on the pillow, I couldn't open my eyelids. After a while, I fell asleep.

This sleep Dee Ping sleeps very heavy, did not even dream, only until Yu Shujie knocked on the door, he suddenly woke up, just at two o'clock, felt the fatigue of the lower body was finally swept away, the surging strength filled the whole body again, this feeling is very good.

She turned over to get up, simply washed, and left the room. The people had already gathered in the hall and were talking at will. When they saw Di Ping come out, they got up and gave up a seat on the sand. As soon as he sat down, Yu Shujie brought a cup of tea. The fragrance of tea overflowed everywhere. It was refreshing to hear it.

"Dicko! What shall we do later? " Cheng Chao looks at di Ping who is drinking tea and asks in a low voice.

"We'll sweep the building next to us and collect food and water!" Di Ping did not look up after drinking tea.

This is a plan that has been made for a long time. Only when the two buildings in this community have been cleaned up and then the villa area has been cleaned up to ensure the safety of the community, he dare to show the buildings in the system. He does not want to expose his secret to too many people.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!