Chapter 23

"Good brother!"

Di Ping felt a heat gushing out of his heart, his eyes blurred, and his heart was moved and wild.

"Sand"

the python swam out leisurely, and his blood red eyes were cold and merciless. It seemed that he was not looking at life, but a stone. When sweeping through the fat two people, he was even more indifferent, just staring at Diping behind them. He didn't seem to take these two people seriously. Only dipin lying on the ground could arouse his interest.

Di Ping thought that he might be here today. He didn't expect that he didn't escape the fate with his golden fingers. But at this time, his heart was peaceful. It seemed that these were not terrible. Looking at the two brothers in front of him, although they were shaking all over, they could not get out of the way. What can we do with such brothers in this life?

"Come on! If you want to kill Dick, you must pass me first

The fat man suddenly yelled, raised the steel bar in his hand and rushed to the python.

"Pa"

the python looks like a fly swatter. With a flick of its tail, it sweeps out the fat man with more than 200 Jin.

"Bang"

the fat man fell to the bottom of the steps, rolled on the grass for two times and stopped moving, and blood came out of his mouth.

"Fuck your ancestors!"

At this time, Li Sheng saw that the fat man was injured, and immediately got angry and rushed up.

"Pa"

with another sweep of the Python's tail, Li Sheng immediately hit the wall with a mouthful of blood and slid down the wall. The man could not move, and the python did not look at it, but just looked at himself.

"Shit! Beast! I want your life

Di Ping wanted to wait for death, and his whole body was in agony. However, when he saw two brothers protecting himself from being pulled away by the python, he did not know whether he was alive or dead. Suddenly, his blood gushed up, his eyes burst into flames, his teeth clenched and he swore angrily. He tried hard to think of fighting with the python. However, he was in vain, and his heavy injury made him unable to get up. After several attempts, he fell back again.

Python just looked at it quietly, and the color of disdain in his eyes was more serious.

"Fuck me, fuck me!"

Di Ping tried again and again, blood stained the whole ground. His hands kept crossing the broken glass on the ground, turning into a series of wounds, blood gushing out; his eyes were full of blood and tears.

"Di ····· congratulations to the host for breaking through the shackles of human beings and awakening their potential, potential level B"

"Di ···· congratulations on the host for opening up potential, acquiring talent skills, flame strengthening level B"

"Di ··· host opens potential system independently and presents system skill exploration"

"Di ···· host has opened potential ahead of time, please as soon as possible Build pubs, open professional system and complete transfer! "

Di Ping, who is struggling to fight the boa constrictor again, suddenly feels a shock in her body. It seems that something in her body is opened up, and her body is relaxed immediately. Moreover, there is a constant sound in her mind. After that, something seems to be pouring into her mind. As soon as things enter into it, they melt into one body quickly. It seems that this is his own memory, which is extremely clear and bright.

After a while, his body was shocked again. A powerful energy suddenly rose from the depths of his body and quickly flowed to his whole body. This time, it was stronger than ever before, so that dipin's whole body trembled.

Every time the warm current flows to one place, the injury of the body quickly improves. The skin itches and numbs, and the bones all over the body clatter. In addition, a force is waking up in the body. The warm current comes and goes quickly, and disappears after more than ten seconds. However, di Ping looks happy and thinks that there is no way out of the world. Unexpectedly, he wakes up at this last moment and has one Second, such a strong strengthening, more than the previous sum.

At this time, di Ping felt his own surging strength and strong intention to kill at the bottom of his heart. His eyes were staring at the python, and the cold in his eyes seemed to be looking at a dead thing.

"Peep!"

Looking at Diping who was standing up slowly, the python seemed to feel wrong. Suddenly, a terrible momentum rose from the insect, which was already the flesh of his mouth. What was wrong? His brain couldn't turn around for a moment. However, the animal's sensitivity made it know that it couldn't wait. It must kill the little bug immediately, so it sent out a burst of harsh The body is straight to di Ping.

"Kill!"

As soon as di Ping looked up, his momentum suddenly burst out. He felt that he was only twice as powerful as before. He must have had more than 1000 Jin before, but now he only has 3000 Jin. Suddenly, his heart was filled with pride. He drank wildly and waved his fist to the python. The python, who had just rushed to di Ping's eyes, was shocked by Di Ping's tyrannical momentum.

However, di Ping did not stop. The fist seemed to run like thunder, and the wind and thunder came. The python did not have time to react. His fist had already hit his forehead with a loud bang. The python, like being hit by a train, rolled and flew out, flying in the air with blood in his mouth.

Without waiting for the python to land, Diping made a "bang" sound with one foot, which was like a flash of lightning, and then followed him. He had a whip leg in the air. His leg was like a steel column with endless power. The air extracted from the air exploded, hitting the Python's waist.

"Bang!"

The Python's body nearly 10 meters twisted together and flew out."Come again!"

Di Ping moved again. He grabbed the tail of the python, and his arms called for strength. He turned the python round and smashed it to the ground.

"Bang"

there was a huge noise, the ground shook, the cement flew on the steps, and the Python's blood gushed. Di Ping grinned grimly, he picked up the Python and smashed it down again.

"Bang!"

Python was hit on the wall, the wall tiles splashed, di Ping such as a raging steel, carrying the tail of the python crazy hit.

"Bang ··"

for a while, the ground vibrates continuously, just like an earthquake, the python flies with blood.

"Diego

At this time, a weak cry wakes Di Ping from his anger. Looking at the voice, he sees that the fat man has got up and leans on the steps. Li Sheng is also awake and protected by two other people. It is Cheng Chao and Lao Luo.

"Bang!"

Di Ping threw down the body of the Python and walked over with surprise.

"Fat Li Sheng, are you ok? Great Di Ping was excited. He thought he was going to lose the two brothers, but he didn't expect that they were still alive. He hugged them and his tears began to flow down.

"Dicko! We are too useless to help you! " The fat man said with a lost face, his voice full of guilt.

"What nonsense? You are all my brothers. Can brothers separate from each other? Don't say that again! "

Di Ping's face sank, staring at several people and scolding.

"Brother Cheng, where are you hiding? I thought you were eaten by this beast? " Di Ping saw Cheng Chao two people standing in front of him intact, so some doubts asked.

"Dicko! After you left, I found a huge boa constrictor skin in a broken glass box with several huge snake eggs under it. At that time, I thought it might be a snake's nest Cheng Chao said, but also face a startled color, and then look at the bloody boa over there before the way.

"At that time, I was so scared that I wanted to inform Lao Luo to leave and go back to inform you!"

Speaking of this, it seems that he was scared. His face turned pale. He stopped for a while and then slowly said, "long breath.".

"Lao Luo and I were just about to go out, when we heard the sound of the grass, and the grass kept shaking, and the speed was so fast that we didn't react. A huge Python's head stretched out of the grass and just saw us two."

Cheng Chaoyue said that the more frightened he was, he didn't seem to wake up from the shock at that time. Lao Luo was obviously scared, his lips were purple, and his body was still shaking.

"What happened then? You went there!"

Diping patted two people on the shoulder, two people slowly relaxed.

"At that time, we were so scared. After seeing the snake, it must have been too late to run outside. I had an idea that I could hide in the cold storage first, so I pulled Lao Luo to run inside." Cheng Chao said excitedly while wiping a head of virtual sweat.

"Python also saw us, a head rushed in, just hit the glass door, the glass also broke a ground" Cheng Chao looked at the broken glass Road on the ground.

At this time, Diping knew that the glass door was so broken.

"Thanks to the glass door, Lao Luo and we just went in and closed the door of the freezer. The python rushed over. Fortunately, I blocked the hole that had been opened before, otherwise it would be a big problem today." Cheng Chao said with a sigh on his face.

"We didn't dare to come out until we heard Dick yell in it, but it turned out to be like this when we came out!" Lao Luo also said, there are some regrets on his face: "we did nothing to help, but also let you all hurt?"

"Ha ha! Don't worry too much about your brother Di Ping Ha ha ha smile, clap two people comfort way.

"Come on, look at this big guy! Fat man, can you two get up Looking at the fat man half lying under the steps, Diping asked with concern.

"Can get up, this dead snake's strength is quite big, fortunately the Lord's flesh is thick!" The fat man spit blood spit, scolding and supporting the steps slowly to stand up.

Li Sheng seems to be hurt not light, soft body by Cheng Chao two people, looking at di Ping weak way "Di Ge, I'm ok, take a rest!"

Di Ping asked the two men to hold Li Sheng and walk towards the python lying in the pool of blood. The fat man was really good. He actually raised his legs to keep up with him. Although Bu Dai was still a little flighty, he took back his worried eyes and swept his eyes to the python on the ground.

All of a sudden, a message appeared in front of di. Di Ping thought to himself, "is this the system skill exploration?"

Br: it's true that you can't improve the ability of level 1 and level 2 by using the skill of "black snake" Di Ping looked at the information and thought to himself.

"Lightning strike, darling, no wonder the dead snake's tail is swinging so fast that it can't hide. If it wasn't for the potential stimulation at the critical moment, he would surely die!" Di Ping said lucky in the dark."Brother, are you sure you're not King Kong?" The fat man saw the Python's shapeless body on the ground and asked in horror.

"Die fat man, watch the fight!" Di Ping's face bit! The fat man is getting more and more cheap. He dares to call himself a gorilla. It seems that he will be given some eye drops.

"Ah! I'm wrong, Diego. I'm a wounded man When the fat man saw Diping's face and his feet sank, he wanted to lift it up and pretend to be a pathetic one, like an injured lamb.

"Rolling ball! Don't disgust me Di Ping was helpless. The fat man was so shameless.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!