Chapter 29

After looking at the residential building, Diping and Barton came to the other side. At this time, he found that the residential building and the function building on the outer side were connected by passageways on the second and third floors. They could walk directly to the opposite side without going down to the first floor.

Function building, as the name implies, can also think of a similar, di Ping in the past also roughly understand what the function building is for.

The first floor here is the training floor. There are more than a dozen training rooms, large and small. The large one can accommodate three or five hundred people, and the small one is only thirty or so, which is enough for one or two people to exercise.

But the equipment in the room is not simple. There are all kinds of training tools. Yan Ran is a black stone with the same color on the ground of the training ground. You can see that the hardness is absolutely not low. The sound of stepping on the foot is very low, and there is no loud sound. The effect of the room is very strong.

The second floor is just the dining floor. There is a large dining hall where thousands of people eat. It is loose. There are all kinds of tables, chairs and benches in the dining room. It can be seen that the castle system has taken these details into consideration. There is not only a restaurant on the second floor, but also two high-end small restaurants, with luxurious private rooms. This should be the so-called leadership kitchen.

The most interesting thing is, there is also a small bar! It's the style of a small Western Bar. It's not big. You can drink a hundred people in it.

Di Ping went up to the third floor with a satisfied smile. The third floor was the meeting floor, a large conference room, three small meeting rooms, and a war room. There were several maps hanging on the wall. However, di Ping did not take a close look at the pictures. The most interesting thing was that there were two cinemas on the third floor. Although the area was small, it was not a problem to accommodate 100 people to watch movies.

This is the end of the world. This castle is a good place for people to enjoy. You can think of everything. Life, entertainment and combat are all available. It's a must for home travel.

This is a circular tower. It not only has stairs leading to the surrounding areas, but also has a special elevator from the first floor to the tower. Di Ping really obeyed this system. The city tower is the tallest building in the whole castle. Standing in front of the glass window on the top of the tower, Diping can see the whole castle, the walking path on the wide wall, and the glass dome on the square, You can also see the community outside the castle. At this time, it is dark, and there are endless forests and stars in the sky. It seems that everything you see is under your feet. Suddenly, there is a strong pride in my heart. Everything here is his own. Soon he will have more things and more powerful strength. With such a powerful system, he can not be in It's better to live in the end, and he doesn't have to live.

The tower where the castle owner lived was not as simple as a house. There was a special rest room for the castle master. On the top floor, the light was excellent. There was a large ground glass window. At this time, Diping was standing in front of the glass window and looking at the night scene outside.

There is also a small conference room, an office, a training room on the lowest floor, and a central control level of the castle.

The castle master control room has a powerful integrated system, which can view the situation of all the system buildings and the occupied resources. It can send command information to anyone who produces the system, and can communicate with each small shelter and resource area in time. It can be said that it is the center of the whole shelter. Although all the functions of Di Ping can be completed, it is just him A more convenient function is that when Di Ping is not in, he can authorize the commander to manage all this, so that when Di Ping goes out, someone can command the whole situation in time, so as to avoid problems caused by poor communication.

"Barton, how can there be electricity in this castle? Where does it come from?"

Di Ping watched the whole castle surrounded by lights. No matter the rooms or the rooms, even the corridors were led by street lights, which needed to be supported by electricity.

"Master, there is a small shaped energy gathering array under the castle!"

When Barton heard his finger on a virtual screen, he immediately saw a scene. It was like a basement. The area was not big. It was about 100 square meters. There were 12 stone pillars about one meter high in the room. On the top of each column was inlaid with a small white jade ball, and the 12 round beads seemed to be connected by a bright light, and the wave light kept flowing The whole room is bright and bright. Among the 12 pillars, there is a thicker column with the thickness of an adult's thigh. On the top of the column is an irregular prism like crystal. The light emitted by the 12 beads is finally gathered on the middle crystal, making the crystal appear to be electrified, bright and dark.

"This thing can generate electricity?"

Di Ping's eyes are straight, such a thing only in the fantasy novel, really appears in the reality, but then with a smile, his system has appeared, which is not too much.

"Yes, master, this energy gathering array gathers the energy of heaven and earth, and then converts it into electric energy to supply the whole castle energy!"

Barton turned off the screen and explained to dipin.

Di Ping looked at the time. It was already more than 12 o'clock. It took him so much time to turn the castle. However, he didn't think that the castle was not small, but it was more than ten acres in size, and it had many functions. It took a few hours to turn around. It was still a simple look. It would be impossible to turn the castle in a day.

He doesn't dare to delay any more. What he is looking forward to most is the presence of the tavern. Only when he shows up in the pub can he recruit heroes, and then his strength can grow rapidly. Now it's too late. Let's make the tavern a success.Diping was sent out in the respectful and affectionate manner of Barton, and stood at the door until he saw Diping finished. Then he turned into the castle, and the iron gate behind him closed slowly.

After walking through the bridge, Diping went to the right. There were five rows of villas on the right, each of which had five openings. He had observed it for a long time. It was a good place to build a manor warehouse or workshop. So he planned to put all these buildings here.

Standing in front of the first row of townhouses, di Pingxin thought that the system interface appeared in front of him. He opened the manor and pointed to the binding real building.

"Di... Whether to bind the building as a manor!"

"Yes

Di Ping determined in his heart.

"Di ···· binding requires crystal coin 5. If host has no crystal coin, please exchange it with the system!"

Diping is expecting the system to be bound, but he has crystal money.

"Where can I change the crystal coins?"

Di Ping scolded the system with a black line. He played the game and knew that all the buildings and structures consumed wood. Who knows that when he arrived here, he wanted crystal money, but what is crystal money.

"Di ····· crystal coin can be exchanged with crystal core, and the exchange ratio can be exchanged according to the energy level of crystal nucleus!"

It seems that the system heard what Di Ping said in his heart, but he gave an explanation.

Dipin was a little puzzled. When you asked him to run the system, he didn't have a fart. He thought that the system would not interact with people, but he would give advice in time at critical moments. He didn't know whether the system was unwilling to communicate with himself or indifferent.

"The system exchanges 10 cores!"

Di Ping tried to ask a voice, he now has a total of 22 Fang crystal nucleus, is these time his careful accumulation.

"Di ···· successfully exchanged and obtained 12 crystal coins!"

Sure enough, the system really exchanged for him, 10 crystal cores for 12 crystal coins.

"Dee... Binding begins!"

A light suddenly appeared out of thin air, like a brush, swept through the row of three-story villa. The light swept, the villa immediately changed with the same dream, like magic, changing rapidly. In a short time or two, this row of villas became a western farm like building, and then the light burst out like bubbles, and suddenly disappeared, leaving only The next manor that changed its shape.

Just when Diping was shocked by the mysterious and powerful ability of the system, the gate of the manor actually opened. A man with an oriental face at noon and ten farmers like people came out together. He met him with a smile and bowed down in front of him.

"Dear master, welcome! Derlin, the master of the manor, is always waiting for his master's dispatch

After passing through Barton, dipin knew that this might be the personnel given by the system to manage the manor.

"Hello, Delin!"

Dipin felt that neither Barton nor Derlin were intelligent robots. There was no difference between talking and doing things with real people. Therefore, he did not treat them as robots, but as ordinary people.

"Derlin is terrified!"

Derin quickly bowed himself lower, and his smile was more abundant. Although his words were frightened, his face showed no difference in satisfaction.

"Master, please look at the Manor!"

Although Delin was happy, he did not forget his duty and led Diping to the gate of the manor respectfully.

The manor covers a large area with three or four acres of land and three floors of space. There are wood workshop, grain processing workshop, iron refining workshop, crystal processing workshop, and a secret silver processing workshop. Each workshop has production lines. Diping's eyes are hot and the system is too powerful. These production lines are not seen by Di Ping, and I don't know how to make them. What's more, they are even more What's terrible is that there is also a material delivery room in the manor. There is actually a transmission array connecting the resource area. The resources of the resource area can be directly transferred to the manor for production and processing. However, this thing is not available now, and Diping has no resource available.

At this time, there were 10 workers in the manor, and more workers needed to be recruited by Di Ping to work in the manor, and the production equipment could not really run until resources were transported in.

"Master, please get through the resource land as soon as possible and let the manor run!"

Derin with Diping to see the whole garden, just a face eager to look at Diping said.

"Well, I know. By the way, Delin, what's going on with this food production?"

Di Ping is now getting through the resources. He has to get the team together. He's alone! All of a sudden, he thought that he was most concerned about the food problem. Now he has many people under him, but the food problem is the most urgent problem to be solved.

"Master, grain can be transported in from outside for processing, or the master can assign workers to develop land to grow grain crops!"

Derlin explained.

"As long as they distribute, will they own the land?"

On hearing this, Diping asked in a hurry. He wanted to know more details."Yes, master. There are perfect tools for opening up the farm. As long as the owner delimits the area, the workers will cultivate and plant according to the requirements."

Derin confirmed dipin's conjecture.

"Good! Delin, you've allocated all 10 workers to reclaim and grow food! Range? It's in front of the manor gate. You can watch the reclamation! "

Diping in get derin's affirmative reply, immediately ordered, and delineation of delineation area, this small area is now Diping's sphere of influence, of course, the more food, the better.

"Yes! My master

Derlin replied respectfully.

After talking about the manor with derin, Diping gradually understood the strength of the manor. The manor can be said to be the foundation of all his development. Only when there is enough food, can dipin feed more people. With more workers, he can produce more resources. With more resources, he can upgrade the tavern and recruit more heroes, Build more powerful weapons, so that their own strength can be more quickly improved, and then they can invade the outside world, open up more resource areas, and provide more resources for the factory.

The manor is the foundation of everything. The management of the manor is very important to him. After chatting with Derlin for a while, he finished the arrangement and saw that it was 2 o'clock. He had to build the tavern as soon as possible. After all this, he could finally start to build the tavern.

At this time, he was a little excited. In derin's respectful eyes, he quickly walked to the left side of the castle. More than 200 meters away from here, there were single family villas. The pattern of the community was that all single family villas were in the South and East, row and stack in the West, and the best place in the community was behind. There were gardens and large-scale single family villas. In the middle, there were two houses where Di Ping lived It's a small high-rise building.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!