Chapter 27

"She's dead!"

Di Ping went to the door. Now he only wanted to smoke a cigarette outside. When he passed the dining table, he found that the woman lying on the table did not move. His eyes were still wide open, and the blood from the corners of his mouth had stopped flowing out. Lao Luo was standing on the side, stretching his hand over the woman's nose. He saw Di Ping coming, and his eyes were sorrowful with tears.

"Death is easier for her, too! Find a place to bury it alone

Di Ping looked at the woman's scars and a sordid secret. His bloody chest and wide open eyes seemed to accuse the injustice in this world. He sighed, and his voice was full of whistling.

"These people should have been killed, not too many times!"

Lao Luo gnashing his teeth, and then kicked a head off the foot, as if to put all the resentment in this head to kick out.

At this time, Ye Lu, who is lying on the sofa, wakes up and sees Di Ping standing in front of her and looking at her. Suddenly, she gets up and shakes all over.

"Are you afraid of me?"

Di Ping looked at the leaf dew shaking like chaff and asked in a calm tone.

"No... no!"

Ye Lu stammered, shook her head and waved her hand, but her eyes were full of fear.

"You see if there are two of your friends in the room!"

Di Ping laughed at himself, then pointed to the door of the room behind him and said.

"Oh! Oh

Ye Lu hastened a few times, then moved her feet a little bit, ran over Di Ping, ran a few steps to the room, opened the door and rushed in, and then closed the door tightly with a bang.

Di Ping looked bitter and shook his head. He stepped over the body of the middle-aged man who was stabbed on the ground. He went to the balcony and opened the balcony. Then he took out his cigarette box, drew out a cigarette and lit it. He took a deep breath and spit it out. The smoke shrouded his face in the middle of it. It was not true.

Through the window, I can see that the sky is blue and blue, and there are no clouds in the sky. At this time, the sky is so clean, the whole land is covered by lush trees, and the air is filled with a sweet smell. Everything seems to be very good, but I don't know how many tragic things are happening and how many ugly things are happening under this beautiful sky Play.

Di Ping's heart could not be calm for a long time. He was not a compassionate person. But what he saw today made him feel unable to breathe. His heart was very painful. He didn't understand that as a man, should he not keep watch and help each other in this last world? But why do some people, in just a few days, human nature has been distorted into this way. He doesn't understand, really can't understand, he doesn't know how these people get their hands down. The naked and round staring eyes flash in his mind all the time, which makes his smoking hands tremble. He doesn't want to kill people. He really doesn't want to. He just forces him to kill. These people don't regret to die What kind of humanity is this?

The smoke burned to his fingers, and he didn't feel pain until it was pinched out by his fingers. He took a light again and took a deep breath. The cigarette end was burning. Half of the smoke was sucked into his lungs. It seems that only in this way can he relieve the pain in his heart.

Looking up at the city not far away from the past gorgeous tall buildings, at this time only a little overhead, standing alone in the primeval forest, like a page of a lonely boat in the sea, may be submerged at any time.

He suddenly felt that the beautiful land on his shoulders should not be subjected to such hardships. Although she was not perfect before, and dipin was even a little tired of her, he found out at this time how beautiful it was before, with only her original order, and all the ugliness would exist in the dark, unlike now, which was naked without a trace of luxury.

Thank you

At this time, a woman's voice came from behind. The voice was soft and soft. Hearing the light wind and light rain in his ears, Diping turned around and found that it was the woman bound on the chair with unyielding eyes. Behind her was the woman tied on the bed and Ye Lu was supporting her.

"You are not afraid of me!"

Di Ping looked at her, and then glanced at the bodies in the room, and the blood red in the room. After that, he did not expect that the woman who had been fighting had such a soft and unworthy voice.

"Why should I be afraid! Damn these people. Kill them. You're a hero

The woman's eyes swept over the corpse on the ground. Although there was fear in her eyes, her face was firm and she looked at Diping word by word.

"Heroes?"

Di Ping looks at Ye Lu who dodges his eyes and laughs at himself.

"Yes! Hero

At this time, the woman supported by Ye Lu said in a positive tone. Her voice was very clean, just like a grassland washed by rain, like a lark in a dream forest that had never been polluted. She was staring at him with gratitude and excitement and with reverent eyes.

For a moment, Diping was in a trance. Did he enter the beauty nest? These three people stood together with their own style. One was as soft as the wind blowing willows, the other was as clear as a lily after rain, and the other was like a blooming flower in the morning. But at this time, his mind was in a mess, and there was no mood to appreciate the beauty."If you still have the strength, go and help them."

Di Ping withdrew his eyes, raised his chin and pointed to two women. One of them was covered with blood and was trembling with fear, and the other was crying with his body bent.

"Good!"

Three women should say, Ye Lu still dare not look at di Ping, eyes Dodge, as if he is something terrible, and the other two women are very happy to turn around to help.

Until the evening, a group of people carried the corpses in the room down to dig a pit and buried the dead woman alone. The party took five women back home, and Yu Shujie was shocked. Di Ping was covered with blood, full of murderous spirit, and full of fatigue. It was frightening and distressing to watch, but the girl refused to approach him 。

"Take them to the wash! Get them something to eat

Di Ping looked at the five women behind her, and then told Yu Shujie that she was not talking. She went into the room and closed the door.

"What's wrong with him, Dick?"

Yu Shujie seems to see that kind of desolation and desolation on di Ping's body. She feels a pain in her heart and tears want to flow down. At this moment, she feels good pain in her heart and wants to hold him in her arms to comfort him.

"Alas! Go back and say it! Settle them down first

Cheng Chao sighed a long sigh, and then he said with some weakness. He knew what Di Ping was because of. At this time, no one could help him. He could only pass the level by himself.

Yu Shujie also knew that this was not the time to ask. She could only put down her worries, touched her tears, and asked several women to wash with her.

As soon as di Ping entered the room, he didn't come out. When there were so many people in the room, it should be lively. However, these people were very quiet and did not speak. Even the fat people who talked constantly in peacetime were sitting in the sofa, burying their heads and not talking. Several women were even more silent. The little girl was always leaning against her mother's arms I don't want to sing songs that I love to sing.

After cooking a table of food in the evening, none of Cheng Chao's people moved. Yu Shujie tried to call Di Ping several times, but she was blocked by Cheng Chao. The five women were already starving. Some of them had not eaten any serious food for two or three days, and their eyes were dizzy because they were so hungry. They did not dare to move when they were looking at the table full of dishes. They could only watch I'll take my mouth.

Ye Lu and her two girlfriends are better, but the other two women can't. They want to stand up and eat several times, but they dare not move. Before Wang Delin, they have suffered a lot, but they are scared.

"What's wrong with Diego? It's been five or six hours since he's been out for so long. What's wrong with him?" Yu Shujie looked at several people with tears in her eyes.

Several people were silent. The fat man's head was buried in his arms and did not look up. Lao Luo was smoking one by one, and Cheng Chao was staring at a picture on the wall, and his mind did not know it floated there. Li Sheng, who was lying on the sofa, was also anxiously scanning the three people.

"Brother Cheng, what do you say?"

Did not get the public, had to stare at Cheng Chao anxiously asked.

"Don't say it!"

Cheng Chao has a firm attitude and shakes his head.

"You?"

Yu Shujie's chest went up and down, but she couldn't do without a few people talking about it.

In fact, today's events don't mention Di Ping. These people have a great impact. Everyone is ordinary people. Fighting seldom happens, let alone killing people. Today, di Ping's state is too frightening. Killing people is like drinking water and chopping vegetables, and his head is flying and blood gushing into the sky. This is why Ye Lu is afraid when he sees Di Ping. You see it When someone cuts off a person's head in front of you, you are afraid. Ye Lu's reaction is very normal. Even Lao Luo and fat man feel afraid when they look at di Ping at that time.

Only Cheng Chao has experienced it, and he can understand it more clearly. At this time, we can only wait for Di Ping to figure out how to adjust. It may be bad for others to intervene. Therefore, he resolutely does not let Yu Shujie disturb Di Ping.

This is a kind of transformation. This is war. This is life and death. If you don't kill others on the battlefield, others will be just like you. It's a very simple thing. There is no life in the general's hand. Didn't you hear that a general's success was withered? Haven't you heard of the emperor's fury? In history, the king's hand is not covered with blood. If a common person wants to become a general and become a king, he has to go through the process. Only in this way can he complete the transformation. Maybe when the transformation is completed, Diping's mentality will change. He does not know whether it is good or bad, but he knows that any change will not come without cost.

The full table of food, fragrance overflowing the whole room, but the room seems to have no smell, a low eyebrow do not know what to think, it seems that the food is not fragrant, not delicious, just whether it is fragrant or not, only they know whether they want to eat or not.

"Click

The sound of a door, like thunder, startled the whole room from the silence to wake up.

"Why don't you eat! I can't stand the smell! "If you don't eat, I'll eat it."

a man's deep and hearty laughter came, and all the people's faces Suddenly beamed with smiles. The dull air in the whole room dissipated in an instant, and the sunshine scattered all over the hall.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!