Chapter 28

It has been three days since the last incident, but building No. 1 has become lively. During these three days, Diping has not been idle. He has swept the building 2 all over again, and rescued five families, a total of 27 people. After that, he swept the villa area and brought back 13 people. The people in the villa area lost the most in this accident. There are 30 single buildings and more than 100 row after row To these people, the rest of them are either uninhabited or have broken glass. There are bloodstains in their homes, which should have been attacked by mutant animals.

At this point, all the people in the whole community have gathered here. In addition, there are only 50 people left in the community, which can be said to be a heavy loss! There are more than 1000 permanent residents in this community, and now only one tenth of them live. This shows how difficult it is for human beings to survive in such an environment. In the process, dipin killed two mutant cats, five mutant mice and one mutant dog.

It's impossible for so many people to live in Diping's room. So they cleaned up the two-story house 7.8 above the building and let these people live in it. Now these people don't think it's inconvenient to live in one room. If there are fewer people, they will have no sense of security. After that, Diping strengthened the group of people aged between 18 and 50 and arranged daily duty inspection to ensure everyone's safety Led by Cheng Chao fat Chen Gang and Lao Luo, Li shengshang was not cured yet. However, he recovered quickly, thanks to the doctor.

Ye Lu and her two girlfriends, who were rescued by Di Ping, did not expect that one of them was a doctor or a surgeon. She was the woman with a clear voice. The woman's name was Ning Nan. She was the surgeon in charge of surgery in the Second Affiliated Hospital of Provincial Medical University. Dr. Guiguo had a professional technique. Li Sheng had a broken sternum, which made Li Sheng's pain less The girl with soft voice is called Liu Bingyu. At that time, when she heard the name Di Ping smile, it was really inconsistent with her people. This is a woman full of soft and charming manners. How can this name be applied.

Liu Bingyu is not simple. She is from Beijing. Her family seems to be very powerful. She also owns a company. This time, she ran out to relax. Ye Lu was her classmate in college and had a good relationship, so she lived together. What about Ye Lu! Now she is also a psychological tutor in the Second Affiliated Hospital, specializing in teenagers' psychological problems; Ning Nan also knew Ye Lu when she was in the hospital. They met so late that they all gathered in this place because of Ye Lu.

These people were very happy to be rescued by Di Ping, because they were able to eat and sleep well after they arrived here. There was a place full of vitality in the whole building 1, which seemed to make people satisfied. Moreover, for the sake of silence, I didn't know why, even the mice didn't run to the community. Di Ping thought it might be his own Two days to kill too many, these mutant animals are also afraid, specific is this reason he does not want to know, this is not better! He comforted himself.

There is a big event tonight. He has something to do. In the past few days of killing, he has finally got all the conditions for the present castle. He is going to start to have a systematic building. After working hard for many days, Diping has already been unable to live. After dinner in the evening, he finds an excuse to go downstairs and walk to the back of the building.

He has been optimistic about the location. These two small high-rise buildings are just located in the south of the middle of the community near the gate, while the left and right sides and the back are surrounded by the villa area. During the cleaning up of the villa area these two days, he found that some of the villas in the back occupied a large area. One of them covers an area of two acres, with a small river on the side, which just encloses the villa in the middle, and there is a bridge in front of it The flat bridge of the car, and there is an arch bridge behind the garden, the garden is half moon shaped, just around the villa in the middle.

This is a special development of the community, the selling price is more than 200 million, but no one has bought it all the time, so it is empty. The villa is fully decorated and can be moved in with a bag. He plans to build the castle here. He doesn't know how big the castle is. He thinks that the two mu land should be enough.

When Di Ping stood on the flat ground in front of the villa, he looked around. At this time, all the beautiful grassland had turned into waist length weeds, which covered the villa. It was less beautiful, but more desolate, as if the old house had been vacant for many years.

Calm down the mood, no more thought, heart silent, command with the castle.

"The castle can't be bound to reality. There are buildings. Please confirm whether it can be seen here or not!"

"Sure"

Di Ping was a little excited and rushed to make sure. He didn't expect that the castle should be built directly and could not be bound with the real architecture. At this time, he couldn't care about anything else. First, he would talk about it.

"Di ············ 100%"

at this time, di Ping found that suddenly there was a wave over the villa, like the sky wrinkled, colorful streamer flashed, just like the Arctic Aurora, shining brilliantly on his face; the whole sky flashed with lightning and thunder, and ten thousand thunder snakes shuttled in the sky like the future of the world.

In a flash, the whole city changed from extremely quiet to extremely noisy. Countless mutant animals were roaring and rolling, and the sound rocked the sky. However, the sound was full of fear, as if there would be great terror. At this time, human beings hiding in the city were scared like chaff, and they didn't know what kind of demon moths these mutant animals were.

"Boom...."

suddenly, Diping felt a dull heart, and a dull loud sound sounded in the sky. Then the sky collapsed, and a purple whirlpool appeared out of thin air. The whirlpool turned faster and bigger, and finally formed a one meter black hole in the sky.The mouth of the cave is as black as ink. I don't know where it is. There are bursts of palpitating energy coming from the black hole. It seems that there are terrible monsters inside, which make people's scalp numb and dare not look directly.

In dipin's startled eyes, the black hole suddenly trembled. A black spot was shot out of the black hole, and the black spot grew bigger and bigger. Finally, a middle ancient Western style castle like a model appeared in the sky. Like a mirage, it loomed in the energy rainbow of the sky. The city guard began to sink slowly from mid air, and every minute it sank, it was a big point, and the villa directly below it was It's like being crushed into particles, a little bit of nothingness.

The castle is very large, not the size of dipin's imagination. It not only occupied the villa location, but also occupied all the dozens of villas behind it. The area exceeded his expectation. He thought that two acres of land would be enough for this area, but in fact, he thought it was too simple. Dipin kept retreating until he reached the bridge, and then he left the castle. He didn't expect that a castle would occupy the whole area The villa area and garden at the back of the community were all occupied. Di Ping didn't calculate it carefully, but the area must be less than ten mu.

The castle kept pressing down. It seemed very slow. In fact, within ten seconds, all the buildings on the ground within the castle area disappeared. An ancient Western style castle appeared in front of Diping, and the luster disappeared in an instant. The sky was calm. The night was deep and quiet, as if nothing had happened.

The smoke gradually dispersed, revealing the real appearance of the castle. It was only at this moment that Diping felt the great and magnificent castle and deeply shocked his soul.

Standing on the bridge, Diping looked out. In front of the castle gate opposite the bridge, the original waist length grassland turned into a flat lawn. It looked like a man-made mowing. The castle stood quietly in front of Diping more than 30 meters. It was like a huge monster, emitting a terrible momentum, like a Dragon standing like a tiger's plate.

Outside the castle is a tall outer wall with crenels on the wall, like the ancient city wall. The castle is surrounded by five spiked sentries, which are about 20 meters high. There are many small windows on the wall of the castle. It seems that they are shooting observation ports. Each of these five towers covers an area of no less than 40-50 square meters, and there is a large-scale tower building at the back of the castle center, It is about 30-40 meters high and covers an area of more than 100 square meters.

Di Ping looked at the castle and liked it more and more. He couldn't help walking to the castle any more.

"My great master, your faithful servant, the castle steward, Barton, welcome your master back

Di Ping just walked to the gate of the castle. The big, thick, steel like gate of the castle opened with a clattering sound, and a rich old man with a western face of more than 50 years old in a butler's dress came out. The old man's smile was piled on his face, and he respectfully saluted Di parallel.

"Housekeeper?"

Di Ping looked at a gold curly hair, high nose and blue eyes standing by the door, and asked the old man with a respectful smile.

"Yes, master, I am your castle steward. My existence is to serve you and be responsible for your living and Castle management!"

Butler Patton replied respectfully.

"Why are you in the castle?"

Dipin didn't know how this Barton came into being. Could he say that it was created by the system?

"Dear master, I am here for you. I have been waiting for you in the castle all the time."

Butler Barton bent lower.

"You don't know how you got here, do you?"

Di Ping some do not give up the pursuit of asked.

"Yes, master. In my memory, I am waiting for the arrival of the master in the castle. The mission entrusted to me is to serve you. All your orders are my highest orders."

Barton bowed down again, his face full of piety, as if dipin was his God.

"All right."

Dipin was a little speechless. It seems that Barton really doesn't know what this Barton is, and he doesn't know where he came from. It seems that he is a powerful system. He doesn't know where to get people. Now that he can only use the mysterious system now, he still needs to believe in the system before it does anything to hurt him.

"Show me around!"

Di Ping put down his thoughts and looked at Barton, who was standing in front of him with respect.

"It's my master!"

Barton bowed down and made a courteous move to invite dipin into the castle. Dipin did not hesitate. He had long wanted to see what his castle looked like.

Di Ping walked into the gate first. The steel gate was not small. It was about ten meters high, five or six meters wide, and one foot thick. It was frightening to see. There was a gatekeeper on both sides of the gate. It seemed that the room was for the doorman. He walked through the gatehouse and entered the castle. He was very shocked.

The entrance door is a hall. There is a wide corridor on the left and right. At this time, the lights are on in the hall. Di Ping's eyes can see the situation in the hall through the door. He quickly walks in and is shocked by the decoration in the hall. On the spot, the hall area is not less than 1000 square meters. The high glass arc-shaped roof is equipped with glass, and the twinkling stars in the sky can be seen through it As if in the sea of stars, there is a huge crystal chandelier hanging down from the top. Hundreds of bright and clean lamps illuminate the whole hall, reflecting on the clear marble floor on the ground, which makes the hall bright.The hall is surrounded by carved Roman stone pillars, supporting the glass dome of the hall, and forming a three meter wide circular corridor beside the wall. In the middle of the hall is a high platform of 30-40 square meters, just like the rostrum of a general conference hall.

This should be a meeting place. It is absolutely not a problem to accommodate a thousand people. It is not a problem to hold meetings or hold activities here.

The interior of the hall is a door leading to the outside. The light outside is not too bright. Only a small garden can be seen vaguely, and many flowers and trees can be seen.

"What's in front of Barton?"

Di Ping did not go forward, but turned to ask Barton, who had been quietly following him.

"There is a small garden in front of the master. If you go through it, it will be your city master's tower. Will the main people go and have a look?"

Barton bowed forward and pointed to the other side.

"Wait a minute. Where do these two corridors lead to?"

Dipin thought for a moment and refused Barton's offer. Instead, he turned to the two broad corridors at the entrance of the hall and asked Barton.

"Master, the one on the left leads to the accommodation building, and the one on the right leads to the function building!"

Barton points to two channels and introduces them to dipin one by one.

"Go to the accommodation building and have a look!"

Di Ping took a look at the two passageways and finally decided to go to the accommodation building first.

Di Ping's heart is happy. It can be said that there are more than 300 rooms on the first floor. Each room has a small area of less than 10 square meters. The decoration is very simple. However, it is not a big problem for four or five people. It can accommodate more than 1000 people on the first floor.

The second floor is better. Each room has about 20 square meters. Each room has more than one washroom. The decoration in the room is also better. It is feasible to live in a family of two or three people. After all, it is quite convenient, but there are only about 100 rooms.

The third floor was even more unexpected to di Ping. Each room on the third floor was 40-50 square meters, with two bedrooms and one living room. There was not only a bath room, but also a small kitchen. There was a family who could make their own fire and cook. Di Ping liked it very much.

However, there were fewer rooms on the third floor, and there were only less than 50 rooms. Seeing this di Ping slightly murmured for a moment, I already had my own plan.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!