Chapter 30

Di Ping chose a villa with three floors and more than 600 square meters as the binding object. He thought that the shape of the villa was similar to that of the tavern, and the size was about the same. He wanted to build these buildings on the edge of the castle for easy management.

Standing in front of the villa, di Ping opened the system interface again and ordered the pub icon with excitement.

"Di Do you want to specify that the building is bound to the pub? "

Then the system beeps again.

"Yes

Di Ping quickly confirmed in his heart.

"Drop Consumption of crystal coins: 5 liquor stores "

Hoo! An aurora appears again over the villa. The magic light and shadow flash back and forth. The villa is changing in this light, like a variant, towards the shape of a tavern. The time is very fast, just a minute or two, and the light disappears. A three storey tavern that looks like the middle and the West appears. The tavern is an ancient Chinese building with carved beams and painted buildings, cornices and corners, but the windows are not There are Chinese eight immortals tables and a long western bar counter inside the tavern. Therefore, this pub is a combination of Chinese and Western styles. However, it seems reasonable. It is not too sudden. There is a wine flag in front of the hotel with a Chinese character wine on it.

"Host, tavern steward Wu An welcomes the host's arrival!"

At this time, an oriental middle-aged and burly man trotted out of the tavern and came down the steps to greet Diping with a smile.

"Hello, steward Wu!"

Dipin had met Barton and derin, and was not surprised. Knowing that it must have been a gift from the system, dipin also said hello.

"The master has broken the villain

Wu An saluted with fear on his face, and repeatedly said that he did not dare.

"Well, steward Wu doesn't have to be polite. I don't need to be polite in the future! Whatever you want

Di Ping interrupted Wu An with a smile.

"Master

Wu An's face moved, but also accompanied by uneasiness! Just want to say no, just the words just out of the mouth was di Ping waved to interrupt.

"Well, steward Wu, show me around the tavern."

Di Ping interrupts Wu'an. He just wants to recruit heroes as soon as possible. He has time to entangle Wu'an here.

"Yes, master!"

Wu An could not say anything more, so he led Di Ping to the pub.

The area of the tavern is not small. There are three or four hundred square meters on the first floor, and there are many tables. But there is no one at this time. There are only two service staff in the bar who are wiping their glasses in boredom. When they see Diping and Wu'an coming in, they immediately look straight and pay attention to di. Under Wu'an's sign, they bow their heads and continue to do boring things in their hands.

Under the guidance of Wu An, di Ping checked the functions of various places. He found that the tavern not only had the function of a tavern, but also could take on tasks. Just like a mercenary Union, there was a window at the bottom of the first floor. There was a large screen on the top, which could scroll the task information constantly. All the mercenaries in the tavern could accept the task, and then they could accept the task in this window, After the completion of the handover task reward.

This is simply the mercenary guild in the novel. Seeing this function, di Ping's heart flashed and he had an immature idea brewing in his heart. However, it's too early, and it's not yet time. When the conditions are ripe, it can be implemented. Thinking of this, Diping pressed the idea of his heart and then referred to the tavern.

The first floor is where mercenaries drink and exchange information. On the second floor, there are elegant rooms, which provide some meeting places that need quiet places. There are only about 20 rooms. At this time, there is no one on the second floor. Di Ping goes up to the third floor.

The third floor and the second floor are not open. Anyone can come up. From the third floor of the second staircase, there is a closed black iron door, which is tightly closed. Besides, there are two guards with steel armour and broadsword at the door.

"Identity confirmation, permission!"

As soon as the two men approached, a green light came out of an iron man. Diping was ready to dodge. He found that the light seemed to be just a scan, but it did not move. The light disappeared, and then a cold voice came from the two iron men, as if confirming their identities. The iron door behind them suddenly opened 。

"Wu An, is this guard?"

Di Ping couldn't understand. The two guards looked like iron jars. They looked like real people, but their voices were different. So they asked Wu an in a low voice.

"Master, this is the fighting puppet in the tavern!"

Wu an explained that di Ping didn't ask, but he was shocked. This system is so mysterious that now all the fighting dolls have been made. But think about it, even Wu An and his real people have made it. Isn't it like playing with a robot?

The core function of the tavern is not only to recruit heroes to work for themselves, but also the most important is the place of inheritance. After reaching the potential, you can come here for career inheritance and skill learning. When you reach a certain level, you can come here again to learn new skills.Wu An is leading and introducing the functions of the third floor to di Ping. Di Ping is excited. This is what he needs most at present. He has already opened up his talent, but he can't do any martial arts skills. He only has brute force. This is simply sleeping and delivering pillows. Originally, he thought that the pub is the function of recruiting heroes. Who wants to have such a function.

Di Ping believes that this place will become a holy land for many professionals in the future. All who want to change jobs and learn skills can only come here. Then this place must be a place where all professions want to protect, and no one can touch it. This pub will also become a gathering place for all professionals.

On the third floor, I feel that it is very simple. The whole third floor is very simple without complicated structure. It is just a large bay. There is a black lacquer platform about one foot high in the middle of the room. The square is nearly ten meters. On the high platform, there is a two meter triangular column body. The column is thick at the bottom and fine at the top. The diameter of the thickest part is one meter, and the top is about 30 centimeters. The whole column is covered The dense and mysterious runes spread all over the whole platform from the column. After a close look, he was dizzy. Di Ping quickly withdrew his eyes and did not dare to look any further.

Wu An said that as long as the inheritors who meet the requirements put their hands on the column, they will get the guidance of the inheritance column and complete the inheritance learning skills.

"Where does this recruit heroes?"

Di Ping looked around and couldn't find a place to recruit heroes. He couldn't feel his head for a moment. Suddenly, he saw that "recruitment is also from the system?"

Diping quickly opened the system, looked at the already lit pub icon, gently, a familiar interface appeared in front of him, with 10 heroes on the top. There was no hero in the table. At the bottom, there were three buttons: recruit, upgrade the pub and leave. As expected, just like the game, Diping was overjoyed and looked at the recruitment button A burst of heat.

"Gods and Buddhas! The world of Avalokitesvara has come to light

Di Ping prayed secretly in his heart, hoping to open a high-level potential hero. The chance of high-level hero recruitment in the game is too low. Only with the volume can we recruit some decent heroes. We can hardly get high potential heroes by natural refreshing. Level D is the most common, level C is still high, level B is rare, and A-level is even more rare It's difficult to be difficult. As for the legendary SS level game, I haven't seen it. I only see other players have SS level. I don't know how they got it.

After praying, di Ping finally ordered the recruitment of new people. The virtual screen flashed, and three cards were shown. Three heroes appeared in the middle row. When Di Ping looked around, he scolded the dog poop in his heart. Although they were all d-level, there was no C-level.

Looking at the familiar batch below a map refresh icon, bite a point, the heart still think is really pit ah! What a smelly hand! It's all D-class. At least a C-level comfort! I don't believe it can be so smelly!

The screen then displays two messages: "use a crystal coin" and the next one is "make legend recruitment volume". Di Ping first chooses to use crystal coin. He dare not use the legend recruitment volume now. He remembers that the recruitment price of S-level heroes in the game is not low. Don't even think about it with his own crystal core, or be honest?

The screen then blurs, and then slowly appears. Di Ping almost scolds his mother. It's really moldy! They are all white D grade, even a green C can't see, did he do anything bad today, thought about a circle, he did not think of what bad things to do today! No chimney was blocked, no salt was sprinkled into rice, no laxative was put into the well, and even peeping at a woman's bath had not been done. Why is it so bad?

Di Ping was angry and thought that I would not believe it. I would like to change another batch and make this last fight.

"Use 5 crystal coins" and "use legend recruitment volume"

Di Ping was cold hearted and asked for 5 pieces. He only used 5 pieces to build the manor and 5 pieces to use in the tavern. Now he only has 1 Crystal coin and 12 crystal cores in his hand. According to the system performance, this crystal coin is the hard currency. All recruitment and construction must use crystal coins, and the crystal core is useful Not really. He decided to exchange it all at once.

"Di Twelve crystal cores are exchanged for 15 crystal coins.

so, there is no crystal nucleus obtained by dipin. Now there are only 16 crystal coins. I hope that we can use them.

Once again, the screen is blurred again. After a while, the light and shadow fall, and the three heroes show up.

"Ah! Can I just say that? My character is still very good! "

This time, there were three different heroes, a D level, a C level, and a B level. Di Ping didn't expect happiness. Suddenly, his excited heart jumped out, and he was disappointed again and again. Unexpectedly, this time, he got a great joy, class B, which was a very difficult hero in the early stage. I didn't expect to brush it out only twice.

"Choose quickly!"

With a slow road, di Ping quickly points out the potential hero of level B and prepares to be selected.

"Damn it! You don't have to play with people like this! " Looking at the number of crystal coins needed to recruit the hero, di pingru was suddenly struck by lightning, and almost a mouthful of old blood gushed out. At this time, he had the heart to scold his mother. He built a tavern with only five crystal coins. Now he wanted 50 crystal coins to recruit a class B hero. Why not rob him?Looking at the blue glittering B-level potential hero mage, di Ping's eyes were full of resentment. He felt that his mouth was sweet, and he almost ejected a mouthful of old blood.

However, no matter how much he complained, he could only accept the reality, reluctantly moved his eyes from the B-level hero to the C-level hero, and asked for the second place?

This hero is a potential hero of C level. He is a barbarian. He is called Buji. His appearance is of Western European blood. He is very big. Di Ping sighs. C level is C level! Finally, I took a look at class B heroes, and then I chose them. Fortunately, the recruitment price of level C potential heroes was 10, and I just had 16 crystal coins, which was enough to recruit this hero.

"Confirm! Use 10 crystal coins

Di Ping finally points on the recruitment, using 10 crystal coins, only to see the screen flash, this hero appeared vacancy, and then there was no reflection.

"Where are the people?"

Di Ping looked left and right without seeing anyone. He was only accompanied by Wu An, the owner of the tavern. Just as he wanted to ask Wu an about him, he suddenly saw that the three-dimensional square columns in front of him rattled. He quickly moved his eyes to see that the columns suddenly slowly separated from the middle into three small columns, and a light group was lit up from the middle of the separation position.

The three small columns are more and more separated, and the light in the middle is getting bigger and bigger. Waves of energy fluctuate, among which clouds and fog roll and thunder and lightning flash, like electric snakes. When there is a space of two or three square meters between them, the energy suddenly expands outwards, and the light is vast. Then, as if they are absorbed by a powerful force, the energy shrinks, A figure appeared in the light and shadow.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!