Chapter 20

Di Ping looked at the fat man without anger, and hated him in his heart. Didn't the fat man see his brother's miserable appearance? Still concerned about the house.

"Wow! Digo! Do you play performance art? " The fat man seemed to see the clothes on Diping and exclaimed.

"Fatso, I decided that the next time I met a mutant cat, I would shut you off with it! Let you experience what is performance art! " Diping said, staring at the fat man and gnashing his teeth.

"Haha! That can be! Dicko, I don't think it's too tense to create an atmosphere The fat man immediately grinned and licked a face.

"Get out of my way. I'm going to throw up when I see your face!" Di Ping really wanted to kick the fat man out.

"It's terrible!"

This is the first reflection of several people when they see the coat being lifted. The body of the white cat under the coat is no longer in shape. It looks like it has been crushed by a truck. It has become flat, with protruding eyes, twisted nose and mouth, and intestines flowing into the bed, which is bloody.

"Brother, you are too powerful!"

The fat man said with a startled face.

"Fatso, don't you see my brother's miserable appearance? If you don't have some means, you should collect the corpse for me now! " Di Ping scolded.

"So powerful?"

Cheng Chao is also a little suspicious. He knows that Diping is powerful and fast. This cat should not be simple. It seems that Diping killed more than a dozen mutant dogs?

"Well, it's really good!" Di Ping also looked at the four people seriously and said, "in the future, you must be careful when you encounter a mutant cat. The speed of this thing is too fast, and most people have no reaction time at all."

"Well, we'll be careful when we get to Diego."

Four people nodded to answer a way, the expression is very serious, even Di Ping said that fierce, this mutant cat is absolutely not simple.

"Another nucleus!"

After a short rest, di flattened his body, broke the head of the white cat with a wave of the sword, and took out a crystal nucleus the size of a nail from it. He was secretly happy.

Although several people watched Diping take out the crystal nucleus, they didn't know what it was, but they didn't ask them. If they wanted to tell them, they would say, if they didn't want to say, they asked, didn't they make dipin unhappy?

"Well, you pack up and cover the woman with the sheet, and bury it together later! In the end, human life is as cheap as grass

Di Ping put the crystal nucleus away, looked at the mess on the ground, and then said with a sigh.

"Don't worry, Diego!" Several people rushed to answer the way.

"Ah! What's wrong with you, Digo! Are you hurt? "

When Di Ping asked to open her own house and prepare to change clothes, Yu Shujie opened the door and was shocked. Seeing that di Ping's clothes had changed into this way, she thought she was hurt.

"Don't worry! It's OK. I'll change my clothes! "

Di Ping smiles and waves his hand at will.

When I went out and opened the door again, a lot of food had been put in the door, including rice, noodles, and some ham and other food.

"Dicko, this woman has a lot of food in her house! It's only half done! " Cheng Chao comes out of the opposite room with two pots of oil in his hand and a big package of retail. He sees Di Ping happily.

"Good thing! We'll all move in. We'll be able to collect a lot of them

Di Ping is also very happy, this last life food is really too important.

A group of people quickly moved all the things into the house, and then they carried the personal cloth bags downstairs. Di Ping took several people to sweep down the floor. The living people in this unit were basically asked to gather to the provincial government, so there was no one in the family. With a lot of water and food collected, the small storage room in the house could not be put down, so they had to put them on the balcony and watch a lot of them. It was really gratifying 。

"It's just too little meat!" Fat some discontented said.

"If you're fat, you'd better eat less!" Cheng Chao looks at the fat man's body of more than 200 Jin and laughs.

"Dicko! The gas has stopped! " At this time, Yu Shujie looked at di Ping helplessly and said.

"Is this going to stop?" Diping had already made preparations, but he was still a little disappointed when he stopped listening to it. Originally, he thought that he could still support for two days. Once the gas stopped, he could not make a fire to cook. He could not eat bread and ham alone.

"Didn't you say last time that there should be a hotel at the gate? Let's go and have a look! "

Di Ping suddenly remembered what Yu Shujie said yesterday, so he decided to say.

"Digo... Really?" The fat man asked nervously.

"Can you eat enough bread

Di Ping was speechless. Sometimes the fat man was more daring than the sky, and sometimes he was as timid as a little street mouse. Of course, the mouse is much more daring now.

"Well, go ahead." The fat man finally got the upper hand and decided to go together.

When the crowd stood at the gate of the community again, the mood was indescribable. Just two days ago, hundreds of people set out from here. When they came back, they were only a few of them. They were lucky and sad.

Looking at the original reinforced concrete world, Diping felt like returning to the primitive world. Everywhere were big trees and thick weeds. He could not see the distance. All the forests blocked the sight, which seemed to hide countless fierce animals. Standing in the wilderness, people seemed to feel their own insignificance at this moment Lord is food that can be hunted at any time. If you can't adapt to this change of status, you will be eliminated.Pressing the palpitation in the heart, di Ping waved his hand and whispered, "be careful, follow me! Go "

to the east of the gate is the supermarket, which was the place where Diping robbed food before, while in the West are all kinds of messy small shops, of which the majority are restaurants, with five or six, mostly small shops, and only two larger ones.

The grass on the steps has been stretched out, but the cement is too thick, and there are still a few on the steps, so it's quite convenient to walk. Di Ping takes them to the front of the first shop, which is a hot pot shop. He thinks there must be meat in the shop. Moreover, this shop has a lot of scale. There are three or four hundred square meters upstairs and downstairs. There is a lot of traffic. There is no less food to prepare.

"Pry the door

Di Ping looked down the glass door and ordered.

"Good!"

At this time, Lao Luo stepped forward and saw that he had a big scissors in his hand, which was specially used to cut steel bars. This was found in a house that was being renovated when cleaning the floors. Di Ping felt that this thing could be used and let Lao Luo take it with him.

"Click!"

After a burst of steel xiangcuo's sound, the U-shaped lock was cut in two and was taken down by Li Sheng.

"All right, Diego!"

Lao Luo wiped the sweat on his head. It's hard to cut the lock. The steel is hard, but Lao Luo spent a lot of effort.

Di Ping nodded, and the light went in first. At this time, it was bright outside. It was nearly noon. The sun was hanging in the sky. So the light was sufficient. Although there was no light in the shop, it was not dark.

"Search and search, all the things you can use come here and take them away later! I'm staring out there. Hurry up Di Ping looked around and found no danger. He said to the crowd that he went to the door to observe the situation outside through the glass.

"Well! Look at it The fat man answered with a smile and rushed to the kitchen.

"There's a freezer in there, dick! But the door is locked! " At this time, Lao Luo rushed out to report to di Pinghui.

"You look out, I'll go in and have a look."

Di Ping is also Yi Xi, so that Luo Quanyou can stare at the outside situation. He goes in and looks at it. Generally, the cold storage is full of frozen meat, and now there is no lack of meat.

"Diego As soon as you enter the kitchen, you will find that all three people are gathered in a small door, which is the entrance of the cold storage. This kind of door is very thick and is not easy to be damaged.

Di Ping didn't talk nonsense. He went over to have a look and found that the door was also pull-out. It used an internal lock. Only the key can open it. It's very difficult to use violence without tools. The cold storage is integrated. Unlike mendiping, the explosive force can be opened. Don't think about it.

"Did you find the key in the store?"

Di Ping thought that it was very difficult to open it with his own great power, so he was not willing to spend the effort. Thinking about the possibility that the key in the hotel was unified management, or it might be the store, he asked the three people.

"We've looked for it all the time, but none of them!" Cheng Chao looks helpless.

"It's only violence that breaks the door!" Di Ping looked at the thick iron door, and his head was also a little big. He tried to pull hard with his hands on the board. He did not move. His heart also felt powerless.

"Bang Bang..." Di Ping glanced at the side of the cold storage wall, but his eyes lit up. He rushed forward to knock, and the wall gave out a thumping sound.

Hearing this sound, di Ping was pleased that the cold storage door design is narrow and small, and it is a turntable switch. The door posts are all steel columns. Once locked, all the four sides are hard to be damaged by steel bolts. However, many cold storage walls are generally not made of thick steel, generally double-layer iron sheet, and the middle is a heat insulation layer, so as to prevent heat loss.

"Look for tools! Break through this wall Di Hou touched the wall and said to the crowd at the same time.

The three were busy searching the store to see if they could find the right tools.

"Is this OK, Dick?" All of them turn over their boxes for a moment, and then Cheng Chao suddenly shouts with a red fire axe.

"Bring it here!" Dili was very happy. Is there anything more useful to break the door? "My dear, how could there be such a thing in this shop? It's awesome! "

Di Ping handed the sword to Li Sheng who followed him. He took the fire axe from Cheng Chao's hand and tried it. The weight was not big. It was heavier than his own Han Jian. The mouth of the axe was not fast. But the broken wall was much better than his own Han Jian.

"Get out of the way, all of you!" After the round, Diping turned back and said to the crowd.

Di Ping looks at the wall of the cold storage, his arms are strong, and the fire axe cuts down with the sound of the wind.

"Bang!

fire ax, such as beating the sound of leather bang, the cold storage wall is not too thick iron wall suddenly cracked a long wound, revealing the insulation materials are foam and sponge!

"Bang bang!" Diping looked hopeful. Bang Bang went down with a few axes, and the bubble flew at once.

"Yes A few people standing not far away were surprised.

The wall was cut into a foot long gap, and suddenly a cool air rushed out. Everyone shivered, and their faces immediately showed joy.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!