Chapter 22

The boa constrictor slowly swam out, and then stood up with the head of a sea bowl. The snake's letter, which was about a foot long, was rapidly breathing out and making a shrill sound. A pair of blood red eyes shot cold eyes, staring at dipin, which made him feel chilly. The black scales on his body were dense and hard. His body was ten meters long. His head was standing in the hall, and the huge long snake tail was still held behind him The face is not fully exposed.

There is a shallow scar on the Python's head, with a trace of blood. This should be the one that di Ping just cut out. Obviously, Diping was shaken back, and the python seemed to suffer badly.

Seeing the wound, di Ping was disappointed. Originally, Han Jian was his best weapon. However, with the growth of mutant animals, Han Jian could no longer make any achievements. This sword can be regarded as a world-class craftsmanship, but it still can't really hurt the mutant snake, let alone the Super Mutant crocodile that killed 10000 people.

"Yi Yi ·"

the python seems to be very angry at this time. His erect body fiercely shoots at di Ping, and his big mouth is like the top of Mount Tai. Di Ping can see the two huge fangs.

Di Ping's mind was highly concentrated. When he saw the boa constrictor coming, he retreated quickly and avoided the snake's mouth. The sword in his hand was raised and cut at the head. The cold light of the sword flashed, and the blade of the sword cut through the air and made a piercing sound.

"When ·"

with a loud noise, the long sword cut through the air and hit the ground. Immediately, sparks shot everywhere, and the floor tiles were broken into several pieces. Di Ping's hands were numb, so he threw the sword away.

Di Ping didn't expect Python to react so quickly. Once he failed to hit, he quickly retreated. He came and went as fast as lightning. To say, Diping's speed was fast enough. He only fought with snakes for the first time. It was imaginable that the snake's attack speed was so fast.

"Hoo!"

"Bang!"

Di Ping was just about to carry the sword back to defend. At this time, a black shadow with a strong wind called out in front of him. Di Ping didn't even have time to return the sword, so he flew out in the middle of his chest with a bang.

"Poop ·"

a mouthful of blood spurted out, his body smashed and hit a table. The elm table broke into pieces with a click. Lying in the broken wood pile, dipin felt that his chest was about to burst, and he wanted to vomit blood. This blow was powerful enough to make his eyes black.

With one hand on his chest, he found that his shadow was the snake's tail of a python. At that time, he used to attack the snake's head. He thought that the snake was so cunning that when the attack was taken back, the snake's tail was drawn secretly, which made dipin have no reaction time.

"Pooh!"

Di Ping spurted the blood in his mouth and wiped it with his hand, and slowly stood up. The python was still standing there without attack, but his blood red eyes seemed to be full of ridicule, as if laughing at Diping's over capacity.

"I'm so damn despised by a snake!"

"Others despise me, you dead snake dare to despise me!"

"Come on! Fight again

Di Ping felt a burst of heartfire. His eyes were red with blood, and his body rushed out a killing intention. He kicked away the broken wood on the ground, drank a lot, and rushed to the python with a sword.

Di Ping was so excited that he hated people the most in his life. Others looked at him with such eyes. Of course, Su Xiao's family looked at him with such condescending and contemptuous eyes. It seemed that he was a small reptile that could easily crush him at any time. However, he tolerated everything for love.

Because he had suffered so much, suffered so much, suffered so much humiliation and hardship in the past three years, but he had to bite his teeth to prove to everyone that he was not a little reptile, he was a man of indomitable spirit and could give happiness to his beloved.

But in the end, everything he suffered became a joke. The woman he fought for became someone else's bride easily. He became a complete idiot. His self confessed success was just a joke in others' eyes. It was a joke indeed. He knew that he wanted to die because he had lost the support of striving. But when he thought of his aged parents, he finally stopped dead The pace of death, from this moment he decided that he would never tolerate anyone trampling on his dignity, even his eyes.

It seems to feel Diping's killing intention. The snake also hisses for a long time. The snake bends into a bow and shoots out suddenly. It is as fast as lightning. It comes to di Ping in a flash of five or six meters.

"Chop!"

Di Ping stepped out one step, one at his feet, and one jump suddenly. In mid air, the long sword raised his arms and poured his full strength to chop down. The sword thundered and was likely to split the mountain and open the stone.

"Chirp!"

The sword screamed and the air seemed to be cut.

The python didn't expect that Diping would jump up suddenly. At this time, it was too late for the snake's head to hide. The sword was already in the air, but the snake swung its tail in the air and turned to its side. The long tail as long as a whip swept to Diping.

"Hoo ···"

the tail of the snake is as strong as it is, whirring.

"Pa!"

The long tail was sweeping behind him, and his right back made a loud noise. Di Ping called out in pain that his clothes were all torn into pieces. His body flew out in a slant and smashed down a piece of tables and chairs again.

"Poof"

after another mouthful of blood, dipin felt numb in half of his body, but at the moment, he seemed to fall into madness. He immediately stood up on the ground, and his eyes were full of cruelty and madness."Ah! Come again

A big drink, di Ping again rushed to the python.

The python seems to have a cat and mouse mentality. The snake's letter spits out quickly, and his eyes are disdainful to be deeper. He sees Diping coming again, and the snake's body pours again.

"Cut by mistake!"

Seeing that the huge mouth of the Python's blood basin was about to bite Diping, di Ping suddenly turned sharply to the left and let himself pass the Python's head. The man turned his sword in the air, his arms were strong, and his sword was slashed down with a roar.

It seems that it is not right for the python to bite the air. However, it is no longer urgent to leave now. It wants to do the same again. The snake's head swings to the side, and the tail swishes to keep up with it.

"Poof!"

The snake was still a step late. Di Ping used the fastest speed. The snake's head passed the body of the sword, but his neck didn't let the sword's edge. The sword's edge crossed, and the huge strength and speed of the snake's scales, which were as firm as steel, were cut into a wound more than ten centimeters deep, which could reach the bone.

At the same time, there was a big bang. The snake tail of the whip was also pulled on Diping's back. Di Ping went out with a painful cry.

"Peep!"

The python screamed with pain, and the blood came out from the neck wound. It splashed on the ground and soon formed a small beach. It seemed that it was hurt by a small insect, which made it very angry. The python screamed. His body was like electricity, and he was still struggling to get up. It seemed that he was not ready to play any more.

"Ha ha! Come again

At this time, di Ping stood up again. His face was covered with blood, and his clothes were broken. Holding a sword, he laughed wildly and rushed to the python again.

Although Di Ping is crazy on his face, he is actually extremely calm in his heart. He knows that his speed and strength are not comparable to that of the python. The only factor that can win is to use the Python's carelessness. So he wants to show his madness to anger the python. It was very successful just now, but the python seems to know that he has been cheated, so now he is extremely angry and wants to kill this little bug.

Bearing the body pain, Diping quickly rushed to the python. The python suddenly opened its mouth and let out a huge roar. The snake's tail drew with the wind again.

"Come back!"

Di Ping's eyes were as thick as a bowl mouth, and the snake's tail swept over with the power of startling the sky. He rolled on the spot in a hurry. The snake's tail whistled over his head, and several wooden tables were suddenly broken into pieces of sawdust.

"Woo ·"

before Di Ping stood up, the snake head fell like a heavy hammer.

"Shit!"

Di Ping scolded secretly. At this time, the sword couldn't stand up. He had to press his palm on the ground, and his body rolled eighteen times like a gourd on the spot, and the fatal blow was reversed.

"Bang"

the ground shaking, python snake head hit on the ground, suddenly the floor tiles broken, can be considered as a great force, if Di Ping is hit by a meat pie.

"I'll do it!"

It seems that the Python's head is a little dizzy after being hit by the huge impact force. His head shakes continuously, and he wants to break away from the vertigo. Di Pingna, who has already stood up, can let go of this opportunity, roar and rush forward, and the sword is even more chopped in the air.

Di Ping is still in the air. Seeing that the long sword is about to be cut off from the Python's neck, his face is full of joy. If this blow is hit, the python will not die but also be seriously injured.

"Bang!"

But Diping thought well, when Diping was happy to hit, the python head suddenly bumped into his arms without warning.

Without a trace of defense, dipin, dun, as if hit by a high-speed car, made a loud noise, and seemed to be mixed with the sound of bone fragmentation. People flew straight out in the air, and blood gushed from the nose like no money.

"Bang... Crash!"

Di Ping flew straight to the door and hit the glass door. All of a sudden, the glass door broke into a piece. People also flew out and fell asleep on the steps.

"Diego

Li Sheng fat man listened to ping-pong's random thoughts and was extremely worried. At this time, he suddenly saw Di Ping flying out of his flesh and blood, and immediately rushed up with a scream.

"Dicko! How are you? "

The two men ran over and hugged Di Ping. Their voice had changed. The fat man's face was full of tears and sobbing.

"You... We, let's go!"

At this time, di Ping's vision was blurred. He felt that his body was not like his own. He didn't expect the python to be so cunning. He deliberately pretended to be dizzy and sneaked in. The impact force of the Python's head was too strong, and di Ping was unprepared. He could hear the click and know that his ribs must have been broken.

"Dicko, we're not going! To walk together

The fat man shook his head violently with tears. Li Sheng did not say a word. Holding the baseball bat in his hand, he slowly stood up. His face was full of determination. It seemed that he was not ready to go.

"Let's go!"

Di Ping Meng bit the meat, and then he tried to get up with his arms. He overestimated himself. The injury was too heavy.

"No, we are not going! Early death, early death

The fat man wiped his tears and picked up the steel bars on the ground. He stood in front of Di Ping and stood with Li Sheng. His eyes were determined to look at the python swimming slowly.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!