Chapter 25

Di Ping always had a sense of urgency. One day he didn't make use of the system functions, he felt that the heaven and earth had undergone fundamental changes, and the speed of changes of various animals was too fast. However, the original overlord of the land seemed to have fallen behind in this change, which he had not met Or hearing about a human mutation.

When you see that the trees in the community are still growing day by day, more and more huge, wild variation as if the world is full of crisis! The trees are like this. It can be imagined that the animals are also accelerating daily. It is impossible for people to deal with the mutated cats and dogs. In addition, the mutant Python he met today has made him worry to the extreme. He has seen this kind of anaconda, which is often seen in the countryside. He has only seen the biggest one, which is the size of a shoulder pole, but today this one has grown like this It's already comparable to Amazon's giant beetle.

This series of changes made him have a strong feeling that it will be more and more difficult for human beings to survive. Especially, the fast-growing vegetation is crowding out the space for human activities at a crazy speed. Once human beings lose the last protection of urban buildings, how many human beings can survive is really a problem.

Today's potential opening made him very excited. Until then, he had a strong desire to open the system, because he saw hope from it, and the potential was extremely similar to that in the game. The system prompted him to open the tavern as soon as possible to complete the career transfer, which made him see another world. He was eager to know that the career system was only for him, but also for him Everyone can do it. He has to say that only now has he really attached great importance to the system from the bottom of his heart. It seems that a voice in his mind said that the system must be turned on, which is the last hope of mankind.

Sitting on the sofa, di Ping didn't speak and thought carefully. Li Sheng was lying on the sofa and couldn't move. Fat man Chengchao and old Rocha looked at what he was going to take with him and determined his thinking. Di Ping put down his tea cup and stood up. He took his Han sword from Yu Shujie's hand and gently pulled it out of the sheath. There were many cracks in the original sharp body of the sword, which made him feel a little gloomy The sword can't keep up with his own progress. This sword can be regarded as a weapon representing the most advanced human skills. It can't keep up with the mutation speed of the mutant animals. If we change to a sharper sword today, we can kill the python with only one sword, and we won't nearly lose our lives. And Li Sheng won't lie still.

Di Ping sighed, the system is imminent. At this time, he really wants to present the system immediately and buy a weapon to see what kind of weapon the system is and whether it is as powerful as in the game?

"Let's go!"

Di Ping put down all the thoughts in his heart, called on the three people who were ready to stop and went to the door.

"Doodle!"

Suddenly, there were two light knocks outside the door. Diping's body was stiff, and his feet stopped in the middle of the air. Several people were also shocked. There was no one in the building. How could someone suddenly knock on the door.

Di Ping was a little annoyed that he was distracted just now. He didn't find anyone approaching. He motioned to several people and walked over with his light feet and looked out of the cat's eye.

Through cat's eye, dipin saw a very young girl outside, not low. She was more than 1.7 meters tall. Her long hair was black and smooth, straight down to her shoulder, and her face was white. The standard awl face, big eyes, slender eyelashes, and two thin eyebrows were like a crescent moon. It can be said that a very standard beauty can only score more than 90 points among the beauties she has seen It was at this time that the beauty was sweating, anxious and flustered, her beautiful black eyes sweeping around, full of panic.

"Who are you?" Di Ping looked at it and felt that there was nothing wrong with the woman. After listening carefully to the voice of the woman's rapid breathing in the corridor, she asked in a low voice.

"Ah! Hello! I'm from building 2, building 2

The woman was first startled by the voice, and then looked at the door with surprise, and asked in a hurry full of joy.

"What can I do for you?"

Diping watched women's every move from cat's eye. It was not that Diping was too careful. Everything could happen in the end of the world. There was no big mistake in being careful. He also had to prevent the woman from playing Fairy Dance, so he had to carefully observe the woman's expression and behavior.

"Yes! Let me in? I... I'm afraid! "

The woman answered and swept around in panic. Then she looked at the cat's eye. Her eyes were full of panic and begging, and her face was as white as a piece of paper.

"All right."

After thinking about it, di Ping decided to open the door. He felt that the woman didn't seem to be pretending. Her eyes were very real. The fear and panic didn't seem to be pretending. If she was really pretending, she could only say that she was too good at acting. After that, di Ping motioned back, and several people understood that Yu Shujie retreated carefully, while the other three took up their weapons at any time Deal with emergencies.

"Ah! Thank you, thank you, thank you!

when a woman hears Diping's voice, it seems like the sounds of nature, and immediately her smile blooms like a flower. The originally frightened and twisted five views also show her original beauty. Di Ping looks in her eyes and says, "it's really beautiful!"If yu Shujie is compared to a flower in full bloom, then this woman is just beginning to open the bud, a mature charm, with a kind of intellectual and soft beauty to give a warm and restless, and the other is young and beautiful, with an indescribable freshness and tenderness. It seems that the morning dew stained flowers give people a throb.

Di Ping, who has been in a state of struggle, used to see only his Su Xiao, and he can no longer accommodate others. In recent years, he has not seen a beautiful woman, but he has never looked into his heart. He just glanced at his eyes and passed away. When he woke up from Su Xiao's dream, his secure heart was broken into pieces, as if his fixed thoughts on Su Xiao were scattered like smoke and rain On the contrary, he lived more freely, and he began to really look at everything in the world, including his perception of women.

Diping shook his head and pressed down the palpitation in his heart. He had his own last insistence in his heart. He did not allow himself to be here. He had the most basic bottom line of being a human being, which was the key to his success and his super self-control ability.

The door opened a crack. Although Diping felt that the woman was not like the bait of the next set, he should be careful. A crack in the door was enough for the woman to come in, but he believed that few people could open the door he wanted to close with his own strength.

The woman rushed in from the crack of the door with surprise on her face. It seemed that there was a wild beast behind her. She leaned against the wall, panting heavily and pressing her hands on her chest. It seemed that she wanted to suppress her heart beating so as not to jump out.

A woman's upper body is dressed in loose short sleeves mixed with a corset chiffon shirt, revealing a section of white and smooth waist, and a stretch seven point jeans at the lower body. The straight and curved long legs are reflected incisively and vividly. Relying on the door and breathing constantly, loose chiffon shirt can not cover how great the ups and downs of the towering place are.

Di Ping was also impressed by the beauty of women. Just looking out of the door mirror just now, he felt that the woman's score of 90 was a little low, which was really the best. However, di Ping's firm mind of killing and tempering in the end of his life was just reflected by an oversight. When he looked at the three big men, he looked silly and looked like a pig's brother, Almost drooling, eyes are straight, and Cheng Chao is also a face to appreciate, and the three people Lao Luo on the contrary the performance of the most prosaic, eyes up and down scan once, no reaction.

Di Ping sighed in his heart that people are really different. Different lives, different circumstances and different lives do not create different personalities.

The fat man is Shuai Zhen and never conceals his views and attitudes. Cheng Chao's military background is self-control and has his own bottom line. Lao Luo, who has been engaged in labor for a long time and is at the bottom of the society, knows what he can and needs best. The performance of these three people makes him satisfied because they have no lust in their eyes, which shows that the three people are not bad, This makes Di Ping feel relieved. He doesn't want someone in his team to have lust in his mind. Such a person is definitely a harm in the team and there will always be accidents. However, if one of the three shows a little performance, he will definitely kick this person out of the team. Fortunately, all three of them have passed his test.

From the moment he saw this woman, Diping had such a thought in his heart. So he opened the door and let the woman in. He stepped back and exposed the woman completely in front of the public to observe the performance of the three people.

"Ah

As if feeling too quiet, the woman opened her eyes and found that three men in the room were looking at themselves with a low cry of fear.

"Now! What can I do for you? "

Di Ping held Han Jian in his arms and asked, looking at the woman plainly.

"I... I!"

The woman looked in front of the fear of backward contraction, some nervous fear, words also can not say.

"Girl! Take it easy! Speak slowly

This is when Yu Shujie comes out of the room, walks over several people, and pulls the woman to comfort her quietly.

"Woo Hoo!"

The woman seemed to find a way to rely on her. Suddenly, she hugged Yu Shujie and fell on her shoulder and began to cry. Her eyes seemed to be full of tears.

Yu Shujie looked at di Ping and saw that he nodded. Then she gently patted the woman's back and comforted her. She said softly, "it's OK! don't worry! Ap Jie Lop! Ap Jie Lop! It's safe here. Don't be afraid.

After a full two minutes, the woman seemed to ease down slowly. She left from Yu Shujie's arms. She wiped her tears with the back of her hands, and said "thank you" in tears. Yu Shujie was like a bosom friend. She gently comforted the woman, and then pulled the woman to her sandy hair and sat down.

Two people whisper, and four men you look at me, I see you, do not know what to do.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!