Chapter 21

The reason why Di Ping and others were surprised was that the cold air showed that the meat in the cold storage would not deteriorate. I thought that the electricity had been cut off for three days, and the meat in the cold storage could be deteriorated at any time. However, people didn't think that the cold air in the cold storage was difficult to disperse due to the lack of ventilation in the cold storage. However, it was full of frozen East and West, and the cold air itself could not be dissipated in one or two days.

"I'll go in and have a look!"

At this time, Li Sheng asked himself to bravely say that the hole was about a foot wide, so it was really hard to get into it. But Li Sheng was thinner than others. Of course, Diping was thinner. They all wanted to get into the cave. Besides, it was all di Ping who was trying to cut down the wall, and several people could not enjoy it.

"Well! Be careful, go in and open the door Di Ping thought about it or nodded and ordered.

In general, there is a switch on the inside of the cold storage door. According to the previous reports, many people entered the cold storage by mistake, but the back door was closed, and it was frozen to death. Therefore, the design of the cold storage now has a switch inside, which can be opened from the inside when the door is locked.

Li Sheng stood on the stool and carefully put his probe into it. The hole was covered with curly iron sheets, which would scratch him if he was not careful. After a lot of effort, he finally climbed in and made several wounds on his body.

The cold storage is dark. The light through the hole is not enough to light up. Li Sheng can touch the wall and touch the door as soon as he goes in.

"Have you found Li Sheng?"

Cheng Chao reached out and asked in a low voice.

"No! You can't see anything! "

"If only there was a flashlight!"

The fat man complained low.

How many electric kettles are there in the city Cheng Chao said with a glance.

"Found it!"

All of a sudden, Li Sheng was surprised, and then there was a sound of steel friction, creaking straight and piercing the eardrum.

"Yes The crowd immediately exclaimed in surprise.

The door clattered and was pushed open from inside. Li Sheng came out with his arm in his arms and shivered, "good... Cold!"

Now it's a hot day. Most of us only wear half sleeves. The temperature in the cold storage is no less than five degrees below retail. It's strange if it's not cold!

"Wow! A lot of meat

The fat man couldn't wait. He pushed Li Sheng, who was still shivering, into the room to have a look at it. Then he exclaimed with satisfaction!

Di Ping went in to have a look. Sure enough, this hotpot shop usually has a good business. He had long suspected that it would store a lot of meat. Although there were not many things in the cold storage, there were hundreds of frozen chicken feet, five or six whole sheep, and a dozen or so large lumps of beef, each piece of which weighed 30 jin, and many miscellaneous animal viscera were frozen hard Yes.

"Dicko! What can I do? There's no place to put it back! "

Cheng Chao looks at the meat and asks with some worry after he looks happy.

"First move some back to eat, the rest of the hole plug, should still be able to put a few days, after eating to pick up!" Di Ping also thought of this problem. Now the power is off, and the meat can't be stored at home. So he thought of a compromise.

"Diego, move now!" As the fat man rubbed his hands, his greedy eyes kept sweeping back and forth on the meat.

"Two sheep, ten chickens and some beef!" Diping looked funny at him, and did not start talking nonsense.

"OK!" The fat man was excited to answer the sound, and jumped at a whole sheep, carrying it out.

There were not many things, so I moved out in three or five times, and found several big bags to put the meat in, so that it would be convenient to take it.

"Did you find the gas?"

At this time, Diping suddenly remembered the purpose of people coming to the hotel, so he asked Li Sheng who was packing.

"Look, Diego. There are five jars in the back kitchen, full of them!"

Li Sheng put down his hands and pointed back to the kitchen.

"Great! Move it all back! Let's get the meat back first! "

Di Ping was immediately overjoyed. Then he stretched out his hand and pulled up a bag of frozen chicken with a weight of 70-80 Jin. He seemed to think of something when he shouldered it. He arranged to Cheng Chao, who was ready to carry a whole sheep, "Chengchao, don't carry it. Close the cold storage and block the entrance of the cave! All the air conditioning is saved

"All right, Diego!"

Cheng Chao Ying Dao gives Li Sheng the Yangdi in his hand.

"Go

Di Ping walked out of the shop first. Li Sheng and the fat man kept up closely. The fat man carried a whole sheep and a bag of frozen beef in his arm.

"Diego The old Luo, who was on guard outside, saw Diping and others coming out and said hello in a low voice.

"Lao Luo, is there nothing outside?"

Di Ping nodded, then carefully stretched out his head to look out, while asking Lao Luo.

"Nothing happened."

"Good! Let's go

Hearing nothing, Diping greets the fat man and Li Sheng and goes out of the door first. Fortunately, nothing happens on the road. The three men safely deliver the meat to Diping's house on the eighth floor.When Yu Shujie saw the meat, she was also smiling, and the little girl was even more happy to jump up and say that there was meat to eat. If yu Shujie hadn't let her down, she would have jumped into the sky.

Without much nonsense, the three di Ping put down their things and quickly walked downstairs. Cheng Chao and Lao Luo were still in the hotel, and he was not very relieved. He did not know what was going on. He always felt a little uneasy, as if something was going to happen!

Three people carefully out of the community again, came to the door of the hotel, but they were suddenly stunned. The original good glass door at this time was indeed broken, and the glass was scattered on the ground. Di Ping was cool in his heart and secretly called out that something was wrong?

"Lao Luo!"

Di Ping called out in a low voice!

"Bang Dang!"

There was a sudden sound of foreign objects landing in the shop. It seemed that something had been knocked off.

"Back off Di Ping's heart leaped. He quickly grasped the hilt of his sword and stared at the shop with sharp eyes. He drank in a low voice and retreated from the back two people.

"Dicko! Let's go together

Fat man and Li Sheng did not listen to di Ping talk back, but on the double step forward firmly said.

Di Ping's heart was moved. The two men didn't hide behind when they were in danger. They had to fight with themselves. No matter whether it was true or not, it was enough to have this heart. They could be brothers at ease. But Diping couldn't let them go forward. They were just ordinary people. There was only one way to die when they met with mutated animals.

"Don't try your best! move back! Listen to the order Di Ping murmured.

They had no choice but to step back slowly. There was helplessness, chagrin and emotion on their faces, but di Ping could not see their expression on their back.

Seeing the two men back, di Ping carefully stepped on the broken glass and moved to the store step by step. The store was full of tables, chairs and benches, and there were many partitions. It was difficult to see the situation inside. Fortunately, the sun was strong at noon, and the light was shining from the glass wall, so that the room was bright without light.

Diping didn't dare to relax a little. His eyes seemed to be electric, which swept around him from time to time. With the strengthening of his body's functions, he felt more and more strong. He could smell a faint odor in the room, and there was also a kind of vague sense of oppression.

With his hands tightly clasped, he held the Han sword quietly to his chest, with the tip of the sword upward, protecting the whole person behind the sword. In case of any situation, it was easier for him to resist the sword. This is the method he saw from the swordsmanship materials downloaded from the Internet. Today, he used it. Step by step, the closer he was, the more he could smell the smell. The kitchen was dark and dark A monster's mouth is ready to swallow the man in.

It's fake to say that di Ping is not afraid of it, but Cheng Chao and Lao Luo don't know life and death. These people have already been regarded as their brothers, so even if there are wild animals in them, he must go in and find out.

At the thought of this, di Ping's shyness immediately disappeared, and the rest was his concern about his brother. There were no traces of two or any injuries found in the hall. Moreover, the store was the same as when he left. It didn't look like a scene of fighting between mutant animals, and there was no blood left. But the smell of stench in the air must be From mutant animals.

"Are these two people in the back kitchen, or they will go there?"

Di Ping glanced around and confirmed that there were no two people in the hall. It could only be the kitchen. If there was no kitchen, they could only run out.

Once again, I put my eyes on the kitchen. I moved my feet gently. Slowly, I moved my body into the back kitchen door. The light was blocked by Di Ping, and the dark space became darker.

"Yi ·"

suddenly, there was a sharp sound of peeping, and at the same time, a strong wind with a strong smell came to my face.

"Snake!"

As soon as Diping heard the sound, he immediately judged that it was a snake in his heart. However, time did not rush him. He had just entered the dark environment, and his eyes felt a little uncomfortable. The snake chose to attack at this time. These animals are good hunters in nature. This variation makes this nature more perfect.

He didn't dare to be slighted at all. As soon as he felt the strong wind coming to his face, he saw a dark shadow coming on his face, which was as fast as lightning. Immediately, Diping's body, half inclined to the right, turned violently to the left, and the sword across his chest stabbed forward.

"Bang!"

A sound is like an iron bar beating on a dull drum, the sound is dull.

Di Ping felt a strong rebound force. When he bounced back the sword, his arm was numb and thump. He even stepped back four or five steps before he could stand firm. The sword kept shaking and humming, and his hands kept shaking. It seemed that he could not hold the sword.

"Yi Yi ·"

the black shadow is also uncomfortable. He is dizzy after being cut by Di Ping with a sword, and makes a sharp and piercing sound in pain.

"Shasha ·"

Di Ping just stabilized his body. At this time, the sound of rustling at the door of the kitchen was the sound of a snake crawling. The speed was very fast. Diping quickly stepped back two steps and left the door.

Only when the shadow swam out of the darkness quickly, did Diping see the whole picture of the shadow. Sure enough, he was not wrong. It was indeed a snake, and it was a huge boa constrictor.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!