Chapter 31

The strong light of Diping quickly blocked the line of sight. When the energy suddenly contracted, a huge figure appeared in the column space. A strong violent atmosphere suddenly burst out of the figure, like a real impact force, like a powerful wave hitting on Diping. Immediately, Diping stepped back two or three steps to stand still.

Di Ping was shocked. He didn't expect that the recruit hero was so powerful that his face had not been revealed. He was able to suppress himself by his breath. After many times of strengthening, he had more than 3000 kg of strength. He could not resist the breath. He could imagine how strong the hero was. He was full of expectations for the hero at this time.

"Boom"

at this time, the giant figure made a violent movement, and stepped out of the light and shadow. With a bang, it was like a mammoth's step, one foot on the ground, and the ground roared, as if the ground had shaken for a while.

"Master, boogie is at your beck!"

The figure stepped out of the light and his eyes twinkled. When he saw Diping, his eyes flashed and he knelt on one knee. The sound was like thunder. The whole space was buzzing and ringing, and Diping was deaf.

"Please rise! Heroes don't have to do that! "

Di Ping pressed his hands on his ears and felt better. Then he looked at the shadow road kneeling on the ground with his head down.

"Thank you, master!"

The giant figure then said thanks, and then stood up with a cry.

When he stood up, he felt that he was really strong. His figure was about 1.8 meters. Although it was not too high, his figure was too frightening. His high chest muscles were like two hills, and his arms were like two pillars. The green veins on them were like strong roots.

This Buji is the image of a Western European, with red hair, red beard, eyes as wide as brass bell, square nose and wide mouth, like a savage in the dark. Now, no matter how he is armed, his figure alone gives a strong pressure to many people, and ordinary people dare not look at him.

Buji, the barbarian, only wore a leather vest and a pair of leather shorts on his lower body. He had no equipment on his hand. Diping scolded him in his heart. The system was just like that in the game. It was stingy, and he was reluctant to give up his weapons and equipment.

Looking at the barbarian in front of him, dipin liked it more and more. This is a class C hero. Although I don't know how strong the barbarian named Buji is now, he can press himself back and forth by his breath. In addition, his muscles can tell that the force will not be bad.

"Race: barbarian, potential: Level C, level: Level 1, level 1, skill: swing, strike of heaven and earth, wild dance, underground race, but different from his people living in the underground world, he has unique tenacity! He yearns for the life of the earthly world. He is a vagrant who has been driven out of the underground world. He obeys the call of the Lord of refuge and comes to fight for the Lord of refuge in the earth world! "

Di Ping looked at Buji standing quietly beside him. Finally, he couldn't resist using the exploration technique. He wanted to see the hero information he recruited. However, the hero information was very simple. A table box simply presented the information of the hero. Only the racial potential level and occupation level of the hero could be seen. Dipin felt that Buji was much better than himself at this time, although he strengthened this much Time is not weak, but the feeling is wonderful.

Looking at the three skills displayed on Buji's information, dipin suddenly thought that maybe the difference between himself and Buji was here. Although he was all in strength and speed, his skill was not only a non combat skill, but also a talent skill, flame strengthening. He didn't know how to use it. There was no attack means, and there was a poor lack of fighting means.

Thinking of this, di Ping looks at the three edged column, and his heart is full of fire. The system has always reminded him to open the tavern to complete the career inheritance. Now that the tavern has been completed, and a potential hero of level C has been recruited. Then, when he completes his career inheritance, his strength will be improved rapidly, and he will have a stronger survival ability in the face of the end of the world.

"Wu An, is this your hand on top?"

Di Ping walked forward with a nervous mood, pointed to the restored column, and then asked Wu An, who had been following him all the time.

"Yes, master! Put your hands on it and concentrate on the column! "

Wu An explains quickly.

"Good!"

Di Ping stabilized his mind and slowly extended his hands to the column. His movement was very slow. His face was calm, but his slightly shaking palms showed that his heart was not as calm as the surface.

Finally, his hand was placed on the column. It was a black iron column with a very cold surface. The cool feeling came from the palm of his hand to Diping's body. He felt the coolness. Di Ping sank down and concentrated his mental energy on the column and looked at the complicated runes on the column.

Dipin felt a trance in his mind. The runes on the column seemed to come back to life. They kept flashing light and changing colors. Suddenly, a stronger cold breath poured into his body along his palm. Suddenly, his body felt as if he had fallen into an ice cave, shaking slightly uncontrollably.

"Di 路路路路 potential level B, meet the requirements of occupation opening, please choose occupation!"

At this time, a sound system, the cold voice, suddenly sounded in di Ping's mind. At the same time, di Ping's eyes suddenly darkened. He appeared in a square with a large area of more than 200 square meters. The square was round. The ground was white relief floor, depicting a pair of fighting scenes. There were soldiers waving swords, mages holding staff, and more The barbarians with big axes were fighting with all kinds of wild animals. Without looking at the relief, we could feel the intensity of the war at that time, which made people excited.Looking around the square, there is a statue standing on the edge of the square. There is an empty space outside the square. You can't see anything. It seems that the square is standing in the void space, which makes people feel shocked.

There are six statues, evenly distributed around the square. Di Ping looked at them one by one. It was easy for him who had played this game to distinguish the statues. One warrior with a high sword blade should be a soldier. The other was holding a big axe and howling. There was a flat ended rifle aiming at the shooter. Another was bowing with a short hand Dao, it seems to be careful that the sneaker should be the sneaker. There is a square hammer holding high. The serious face should be the professional holy duty of nurse in the game.

Looking at these professional statues, di Ping knew that he had to choose his own occupation. His favorite was a soldier. He liked the hot blood feeling of charging in front with a sharp blade. He was not a person who used to hide behind and put magic or cold guns. Therefore, he would not choose mages and Musketeers, but sneakers would forget it. This is a man walking in the dark Occupation, he doesn't like it, nanny priesthood? Well, don't be kidding. You see, his chest is big enough, barbarian. He is a little moved. He just thinks about the image of barbarian or forget it, or the warrior is handsome enough.

Without hesitation, di Ping walked step by step to the soldier who held up the sword blade. Standing in front of the statue, he felt that it was not a statue, because there was a mysterious energy fluctuation and a light pressure on the statue. Although it was not strong, it still felt that there was a strong power in the statue.

"Di... Select warrior, are you sure?"

Just walked in front of the statue, a beep, a voice appeared in his ear.

"Confirm!"

Di Ping didn't think much about it and confirmed the choice directly.

"Di... Inheritance begins!"

At this time, there was another sound. Suddenly, the soldier's eyes gave out a dazzling light. It was bright and fast. In the blink of an eye, he was hit by the light without any reaction time.

Suddenly, the light turned into a cocoon of energy and wrapped dipin tightly in the middle. At this time, dipin seemed to lose consciousness. He sat down slowly and became a sitting posture. His hands were also put into a formula. His eyes were closed and his eyebrows were locked. He seemed to be thinking about something.

It seems like a long time, but in fact, in less than a minute, the light from the statue's eyes slowly recovered, while the light cocoon wrapped with dipin was still there. From the light of the light cocoon, we can see that dipin was still sitting on the ground, his eyes were closed, but his face seemed to calm down, so he did not move.

More than ten seconds later, dipin finally shook his eyebrows. He opened his eyes for a moment. At the moment, his eyes flashed like a meteor that cut through the night sky. It just flashed away.

At this time, a cold voice sounded in di Ping's mind, which seemed to be a thunderbolt. Di Ping suddenly stood up. At this time, he was not in the mood to look at his own career. He just felt a burst of anger in his heart. The system started his career and actually consumed crystal coins, which didn't agree with him. At this time, he had only a poor crystal coin left, which was really back before liberation.

"Damn it!"

Di Ping had to make a rude remark. This system is even better than Huang Shiren. There is no one he doesn't want money for. The crystal money he saved is gone.

It's useless to scold again. At this time, the system doesn't say a word. It doesn't pay attention to you. It's necessary to deduct it. Di Ping is helpless. Fortunately, his career has been successfully opened. If you think about it, you can be happy again. If you don't have crystal money, you can earn it. If you start your career, it's different.

At this time, Diping calmed down to feel it. He was overjoyed. He thought that the crystal coin was worth it. His strength was improved again, from the original 3000 kg to 4000 kg directly. Although Di Ping did not measure it, he could not feel wrong. He could feel how much the strength had increased. Before that, there was 3000 Jin force, and the increase was only three points less One, isn't that obvious? At this time, Diping had 2 tons of huge force, which is unimaginable.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!