Chapter 32

Di Ping put down the joy of the increase in strength and felt the changes brought about by his career. There seemed to be more things in his mind. He concentrated on it, and sure enough, some information suddenly appeared in his mind. As if it were branded in his mind, it was true and had become a part of his memory.

"Skills?"

Di Ping knew clearly what information was coming out of his mind. When he thought about it, he knew that these three skills were: chopping, mocking and colliding. These three skills seemed to have been practiced countless times, and now they can be used as soon as they want.

At this time, dipin can't look inside. He can't see the situation in his mind. If he can, he will find that there are five groups of light flashing slowly in the foggy space of his mind. These five regiments are the skills that dipin learned. He has two skills that he learned before, namely, exploration and flame enhancement.

Di Ping, who was happy, suddenly felt that his eyes were dark. When his eyes adjusted again, he found that he had returned to the scene where his hands were pressed on the surface of the column. He took back his hands and returned to Wu An's side. Wu An and Buji were looking at di Ping happily.

"Congratulations on the success of the inheritance

The two joined in congratulation.

············

after a long time in the tavern, he got to know all that he could understand, and then he left at ease. When he left, he left Buji. This base can be said to be his own foundation, and he doesn't want to have problems. As long as boogie is here, he believes that there should be no problem, and the system will prompt himself quickly There's nothing wrong with coming here.

As a matter of fact, he has taken a lot of trouble. What kind of system exists? It can easily cause problems, which should not be magical.

When I came out of the tavern, it was nearly six o'clock. The sky was dim, and there was a line of red light in the East. The red morning light was transmitted from the gap between the tall trees, shining on the green grass. The leaves were covered with dew drops, and they were shining with fantastic brilliance in the sun. There was no noise. There was only a slight breeze blowing and the leaves shaking gently The whole world seems to enjoy the silence.

Standing in front of the tavern, Diping took a deep breath. There was a light sweet smell in the air. If this world was not the end of the world, how good would it be if there were no pollution, no noise, no disputes. This is a world that people yearn for.

Di Ping quickly returned to No. 1 building. The team members on duty on the first floor were surprised to open the door of the building. These people didn't know when Di Ping went out. They came back this morning. Obviously, they were all wet. Now the grass and trees are everywhere. After one night, the grass leaves are covered with dew. No matter how careful or they have to make them wet, everyone knows that di Ping is Just came back from the outside.

"Diego? Are you back? "

Two members of the team, di Ping only remember the face, do not know what name.

"Well, no problem?"

Diping flashed into the door, patted the dew on his body and asked softly.

"Diego, it's safe! We didn't sleep all night, we didn't find any problem! "

One of them, a young man in his twenties, said respectfully.

"Good!"

Hearing that nothing had happened, Diping was relieved. Looking at the black but energetic young man in front of him, he asked, "what's your name?"

"Digo, my name is Li Shuang!"

The black faced youth immediately turned red and surprised. Then he pointed to the short boy who was on duty with him and said, "Captain, his name is Wang Fang!"

"Dicko! Hello

Wang Fang's short young man said hello to di Ping.

"Very well, brothers. It's hard to be on duty?"

Di Ping smiles and nods to them. He is very satisfied with Li Shuang's young man. He not only responds well, but also introduces his friend to let him know. This is a chance to show his face to his friend! This person's temperament must not be bad, can be cultivated.

In their reverent eyes, Diping walked slowly up the stairs. When he opened the door, he was suddenly surprised. The room was full of people. None of them even slept. They all gathered in the hall. They didn't speak. There was a strong and maddening silence in the whole room. All the people looked at one direction with their eyes open, only Nan Nan was held in her arms by Yu Shujie, and she sat down on the sofa and fell asleep.

All the people in the room were in silence, and they didn't even hear Diping open the door. When Diping opened the door and walked in, these people suddenly woke up. It seemed that Diping suddenly stood up. The dead eyes suddenly lit up. It seemed that there was sunlight shining quickly to disperse the haze. One by one, they looked at di Ping. There was concern, blame, surprise and even that kind of saying no With a sense of relief, Yu Shujie looked at him with joy and excitement. Her eyes were misty, and her tears seemed to flow up immediately. She bit her lips and held them back. Even Liu Bingyu and Ning Nan were worried and happy. Only Ye Lu seemed to dodge Di Ping's sight."Why are you all sitting here? Didn't you sleep here? What's the matter? "

Di Ping didn't know what was going on with these people. He looked at his eyes darkened and his eyes were full of fatigue. Obviously, he didn't sleep all night. What's wrong? So he asked in a hurry.

"My brother! Where were you? We are in such a hurry

At this time, a scream, fat Chen Gang rushed out like a whirlwind, embracing Di Ping's happy road.

Diping didn't expect that the speed of the dead fat man was so fast. He didn't react. He didn't like to be held by men. The main thing was that the fat man didn't like to take a bath. He smelled bad when he didn't take a bath in the summer. What's more, he didn't know how long he hadn't washed it. As soon as he rushed over, he immediately felt like he was holding the garbage plant in his arms Yes, I almost didn't faint.

"Get rough! You're a fat man. I'm very honest. I'm not interested in you! "

Di Ping turned around and threw the fat man out, and then made up for it. The fat man immediately threw himself on the sofa. With a puff, the sofa almost didn't collapse.

"Dicko! You are merciless! They worry about you all night! "

Di, looking at her head, looks back on the sofa.

"Oh! You're too fat to be disgusted! "

Di Ping almost didn't spit out. He glared at the fat man and walked to the crowd in the laughter. The atmosphere in the room was much better and diluted a lot of repressive atmosphere.

After Di Ping sat down, they chatted with each other, and he knew what was going on. As soon as he left last night, these people didn't care. They thought he was going to look for a visit, but they didn't wait to come back. Everyone was in a hurry. So they began to look for the whole building, but they didn't find it. After all, they were no longer the only ones who were organized For a team of ten people, Diping can be said to be the backbone. If people know that there is something wrong with Diping, the organization may collapse immediately. Therefore, a few people in charge only dare to look for it secretly and dare not publicize it.

Until the middle of the night, Diping did not come back, these people suddenly felt panic, the sky collapsed. If there was no Di Ping, these people did not know how long they could live. They just searched all the places they could find. It was too dangerous for them to go out at night. It was meaningless for them to go out. Therefore, all these people gathered here, hoping that there would be a miracle in heaven and dipin could return safely Come on.

By daybreak, these people were already in complete despair. They were all holding the idea that something must have happened to Diping. But they didn't expect that di Ping would come back at this time. How could it not surprise everyone? For example, when he was about to die of thirst in the desert, he suddenly saw a clear spring in front of him.

Di Ping looked at a pair of eager looking at his eyes, and suddenly felt a kind of cushion in his heart. It seems that at this moment, he felt what responsibility is. Although he had the idea of protecting more people, he has never been so real. These people are living in front of themselves, and all of them place their hope on themselves He felt more warmth in the pressure.

"I'll take you to see a good thing later!"

Di Ping didn't explain that he went there yesterday. Originally, he didn't want to open the castle to the public so soon. But this time, he felt that these people were attached to themselves. Although not all of them were sincere, most of them still relied on themselves. At this time, it was not significant to hide the castle, and the most important thing was that he had to run on both sides So he decided to open up to the public.

"What's good?"

At this time, the fat man finally squeezed up again and looked at di Ping eagerly.

"Find a good place to bathe you! You're smoking to death

Di Ping gave the fat man Chen Gang a bad look.

"Oh! No! Don't you let me go, Diego

The fat man covered his face and cried out.

"Fatso, you can't eat without washing?"

Yu Shujie suddenly also joked in the side of the crisp voice.

"Yes, yes! No washing, no food to eat

They all laughed and agreed.

"Ah! You are all bad people

The fat man put his face in his palm and howled.

"Ha ha"

people burst into a burst of happy laughter. This fat man can always make people so happy.

"Prepare breakfast, have dinner, I'll take you there!"

Di Ping stood up, told several people, and then with a mysterious smile, "I believe you will be surprised!"

"What the hell? Still so mysterious? "

Looking at Diping walking into the room, several people began to discuss in the hall. They knew that what could make Diping say good things must be good things. Now dipin is a god like existence in their eyes, and seems to be omnipotent. Can such people talk freely?

Di Ping simply washed himself. He was busy all night last night. He really felt a little tired. After being wet by the dew on the grass, he could not bear to let go of the wet dew. He had to take a bath. Now he doesn't need to save water. He should take a good bath.The reason why he is not afraid of wasting water now is that he learned from Barton that there is a perfect water purification system in the castle, there is enough clean water to use, and there is no need to worry about no water.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!