Chapter 34

"Potential? What potential? "

Cheng Chao asked with a puzzled look. If you want to say that the first two can be ignored, everyone can understand. What is the third opening potential? Don't mention him. Other people are also confused. They don't know what the opening potential is.

"What is potential?" Di Ping looked at several people who were curious and looked at himself like a baby. He said with a smile, "then I'll explain it to you in another way? As you know, dogs have mutated, cats have mutated, mice have mutated, even tigers and crocodiles have mutated, that is to say, animals have mutated Di Ping looked at several people calmly, slightly, and looked at them mysteriously and asked, "will human beings, as high-level animals, mutate? Have you ever thought about it? "

Although Di Ping's words were plain, it was like throwing a bomb on the lake. The water suddenly burst open, breaking the calm and turning into a storm. This is the inner world of people at this time.

A group of people, you look at me, I look at you, full of fear! In fact, people have not thought about these problems. They may have guessed more or less in their hearts, but they have not found any mutation. Moreover, they don't know how people will mutate and whether they will bite people like mutant dogs. Therefore, they subconsciously ignore this problem. Today, di Ping suddenly throws it out, and everyone is unprepared.

"Can humans really mutate? Is that mutation or human? "

Yu Shujie's face was uneasy. She seemed very worried that she would become a crazy mutant and bite people everywhere.

"Do you think I'm normal?"

Di Ping said with a slight smile. The voice was not big, but the people were shocked. There were doubts and panic in the eyes of Di Ping.

"Well, no more teasing!"

Di Ping looked at the people's expression and knew that this meeting would surprise everyone too much. They could not bear it any more, and waved his hand with a smile.

"In fact, it can't be said to be mutation, because it should be said to be an evolution or an awakening. I prefer to use the word awakening. Everyone has his own unique talent, which is hidden and will not be revealed. Once this talent awakens, we have a strong power."

Di Ping thought about these problems. After he inherited the soldiers in the system, he felt that he had found the answer to the question he had been looking for in his heart. This should be a kind of natural evolution. The function of the system is to guide people to open their own talents and learn to master this evolutionary power.

Animals can evolve, and human beings, as the soul of all things, should not be unable to evolve. It is only possible that this is more difficult. Human beings have been away from nature for too long, and their absorption and sensitivity to the energy of heaven and earth are much lower than those of animals and plants. This may be the reason why no evolutors have been seen in human beings so far.

"Evolution..."

it seems that people are also attracted by dipin's theory, and they all savor it carefully.

"Yes, it's evolution, animal evolution, tree evolution, and evolution towards higher biology, and human beings also evolve, such as greater power, faster speed, stronger body, and so on. This is the opening of potential and the performance of all kinds of powers. Only by turning on the potential, can human beings fight with the mutated animals in such a world of great changes and survive Save it

Di Ping put his own thinking and combined with system knowledge, a simple summary to the public, but do not know whether these people can accept.

"Dicko, why do humans mutate so little

Cheng Chao soon woke up from the shock and found the core of the problem.

"There are some things I have not observed and understood, but I have thought about it. At present, I have analyzed that there may be two reasons. One is that human beings are no longer simple animals. They have left the jungle to live in groups, learned to use tools, and lost their wildness. Human beings began to degenerate, and their digestion and absorption of energy became weaker and weaker. Second, human beings may be advanced intelligent students Things, variation is more complicated, which is not what I can know

After thinking about it for a while, di Ping said that he had some questions about this problem that he couldn't solve by himself, so he could only answer these questions. However, seeing a few faces with loss and fear, he made a light smile and comforted Ji Ren: "there is no need to worry. I believe that more and more human beings will mutate in the future, but now we haven't met...".

"Dicko, are you an evolutor?"

Cheng Chao's eyes twinkled and looked at di Ping with burning heat. However, he asked the question that everyone wanted to ask.

"Good! I have evolved and awakened my talent... "

Di Ping looked at the people and said calmly. His tone was very casual, as if it was just a small thing that could not be smaller.

"Ah! Really? No wonder Dick is so good? "

Several whispers in succession, the tone of envy, fear, surprise, and joy, in short, each has his own mind.

"Well, don't discuss this issue." Di Ping waved to interrupt the discussion. He looked at several people, especially a few women. His eyes were eager to make him agitated: "don't worry. You will know that some of you will evolve soon. Once the evolution is completed and the talent is opened, you will become stronger.""Pa Pa......"

Di Ping looked at the people who were still in a state of shock, clapped his hands to attract people's eyes, and then said with a smile, "today you can live in this castle, and you can choose your own room! Don't cry when you rob a good room

"Well! Grab the room

After listening to di Ping's words, they didn't think about this problem. Although they were still shocked, they were still a little far away from themselves. What's more, when they heard that di Ping asked them to choose their own houses, they were immediately excited again. What kind of variation? Get out of my way. Don't delay my selection.

Hula all ran away and ran upstairs. You pulled me, for fear that you would fall behind and others would be ahead of time. Di Ping looked at the joking eyes behind him with a smile.

On the third floor, di Ping didn't want to give the room to several people. The main thing was that he had already made a plan. The world has changed and the strong will be respected. It is necessary to create better living conditions for the strong. Everyone is equal. Di Ping is not an ideal idea. He doesn't think that equality is really good.

All the strong should have the privilege of the strong. They seek equality everywhere, and the strong and the weak should be equal. This is an inequality in itself.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!