Chapter 33

While taking a bath, dipin was familiar with several skills he had acquired, which had not been studied seriously since his acquisition.

Exploration, which is a systematic skill, is undoubtedly very powerful. Although Di Ping seldom used it, he felt that this skill was very practical. He could not only see the strength of his opponent, but also explore some unknown things, which showed its function.

Fire enhancement, only now did dipin understand what was going on. This skill is to add flame to palm or weapon to increase fire damage. It can be said that it is also a very useful skill. Should it be regarded as a power?

Di Ping looks at the three skills that he has learned from opening the warrior profession. These three skills can be said to give the best play to the soldiers' combat power. Although they are very basic, they are no doubt helpful to di Ping. From then on, he no longer relies on simple strength. For example, the chopping skill is actually to concentrate the strength, quickly wield weapons, and cause damage to the enemy. This is it As a kind of skill to use strength, taunt skill is similar to the use of mental force to provoke the enemy and is a means to make the opponent angry. Di Ping didn't understand the principle of it at all. While collision is to use the power to break out quickly and stimulate the speed to rush the enemy. One is to approach the enemy quickly, the other is to use the impact force to hit and fly the enemy and cause damage.

The three skills are not the powerful feeling of destroying the heaven and the earth, but dipin thinks they are practical. These skills can make the best use of their own strength and are quite useful. There is a big difference between having skills and not having skills. For example, Diping feels that one can play ten of his own when he is not transferred.

After getting familiar with his skills and taking a bath, he went out of the bathroom and searched for a long time to find a dress to wear. Originally, di Ping didn't pay much attention to clothes, and there were only two or three sets of clothes in summer. However, his clothes damage rate is too high these days. Now he has no clothes to wear. Fortunately, he has two old clothes to wear...

breakfast is not a feast, now Although there are a lot of materials, we all know that this kind of food is eating less and less. As time goes on, who knows how the end of the world will develop and how long it will last. So we all consciously save food. In the morning, we make some steamed bread, cook some porridge, and open a few bags of pickled vegetables. What we eat is still very delicious. Especially the people rescued by Diping feel very happy.

After breakfast, Diping took them to his room and they went downstairs. Fat man, Luo Quanyou, Cheng Chao, Yu Shujie and Nan Nan also came down. Li shengshang was not good enough, and his action was still a little uncomfortable, so he didn't let him follow him. The three new friends of Ye Lu also came. The other two women seemed very afraid that they would not come out at all, so they let them Two take care of Li Sheng.

They followed Di Ping all the way to the back of the building. The whole community was full of giant trees towering into the sky, and the weeds that were nearly waist deep under the trees. Their trembling eyes were full of panic. They looked to the left and right carefully, as if they were afraid that monsters would rush out of the grass at any time.

"Dicko! How far is it? "

The fat man is the most timid. At this time, his voice trembled and asked Di Ping. He bent down and looked around in a stealthy and quick way, just like a wounded rabbit.

"Soon!"

Holmium Ping looked back at the fat man and said with a smile, "how scared!"

"I'm afraid of grandson!"

The fat man is most afraid of people looking down on him. When he heard Diping say that he was afraid, he immediately stood on his back and raised his voice.

"Keep your voice down! Don't bring in the mutant dog

Cheng Chao follows the fat man and drinks in a low voice.

"Oh

The fat man also seems to feel his voice is loud, his head shrinks, his hands cover his mouth in a hurry, his eyes are frightened and he sweeps around. He feels his head only when he sees no movement.

The small high-rise building is not too far away from the villa area, which is about 300 meters. Because there is a small garden area in the middle, you can get to the villa area through the small garden area. The viewing trees in the garden have grown extremely huge, and the original landscape road can not be found any trace. People can only move forward by dividing the grass, deep and shallow, which is extremely difficult to walk I walked for more than ten minutes.

When he stood in front of the castle again, Diping felt the magnificence of the castle, which was different from what he had seen last night. It was too dark last night, and he could not see it clearly. The castle was bathed in the morning sun, shining on the glass window of the castle, reflecting the dazzling light. The tower pulled out long shadows on the ground in the sun.

Covering an area of more than ten acres, the castle is like a city on the earth. The surrounding high walls are more like iron walls, giving people a sense of security.

A group of people standing on the bridge looking at all these are dull eyes, they are familiar with the community, who live in this community, who did not know that the largest villa, all came to visit, and this villa is in the central position of the garden, many people have seen it for a walk, so they are surprised that the villa did not seem to be so big before ? When was it rebuilt? The crowd was in a fog for a moment.

No one would have thought that it was invented by Diping. Although there are still many people who believe in ghosts and gods in modern society, many people still can't imagine such a surreal thing. Therefore, we all think that it was rebuilt by someone, rather than by human beings.The gate of the castle creaked and opened slowly. A group of people were shocked and looked at the slowly opened gate of the castle.

"Let's go!"

At this time, Diping saw the gate open, but he said to everyone. When he got off the bridge, he went to the gate of the castle.

"Diego

Several people exclaimed in the back!

"Nothing! Come on!

Di Ping did not return his head, but waved back.

Several people looked at di Ping and didn't mean to stop at all. They gritted their teeth and finally looked at each other. Then they quickly chased dipin together.

"Welcome back, master!"

When dipin came to the door, the door was fully opened, and Barton stepped out of the door and saluted him.

"Where's boogie?"

When Diping left yesterday, he asked buggy to come to Barton to arrange guard over the castle, so when he saw that only Barton was there, he asked.

"Boogie went to inspect the security of the territory early in the morning!"

Barton followed dipin into the gate, respectfully returning.

"You come in!"

Di Ping stepped into the gate, it seems that it is not right. Looking back, people all look at themselves like monsters. Then they say hello.

"Don't worry, his name is Barton...

when Diping saw several people looking at Barton, he also understood that there was a strange castle and an old man from the West. What if there was no doubt? I had to stand up and explain.

"Hello, everyone! I'm Barton, the steward of the castle! Welcome to the master's castle

Barton saluted the crowd with a respectful manner. These people were friends of the host. He had to have the corresponding respect, and his attitude was very good.

No matter how surprised a group of people, they were stunned by everything in front of them as soon as they arrived in the castle. The castle was so beautiful, with bright lights, clean and tidy environment, elegant rooms, beautiful bathrooms, and perfect conference and training venues. It's so good to live here.

A group of people have put down all their fear, running around, feeling and looking, as if everything is fresh and surprising, is also, all the people here, let alone have seen it? I haven't heard of it. Even when Di Ping saw it for the first time, she was full of surprise, just like Grandma Liu entering the Grand View Garden.

Diping looked at all this with a smile. Seeing these people running up and down, the girl ran around in the hall, and from time to time, she felt curiously. It seemed that all these things were so interesting.

After a full hour of madness, all the people woke up from a state of madness and gathered in the hall. They looked at dipin's eyes as if they were looking at gods, and their hearts were even more agitated. Diego could not only fight, but also find such a good place. It was simply God. No one knew that these things were revealed by Diping, and he couldn't believe it. Of course, dipin couldn't tell him We.

"Dicko! Shall we live here in the future? "

The fat man rubbed his hands with surprise, and licked his face with a smile and asked for Di Ping.

"Yes! We'll start moving here today! "

Di Ping looked at the crowd with a smile.

"Ouch!"

The crowd immediately jumped up and screamed with excitement.

"You can choose a room on the second floor!"

Di equality people from the excitement of the mood calm down, this just said to the people.

"Brother! Can I live on the third floor? "

At this time, the fat man suddenly looked at di Ping and asked.

"What do you say?"

Di Ping looked at the fat man calmly and said faintly.

"Ah! Who wants to live on the third floor? Who said just now should live on the third floor. The second floor is good, and the room is just comfortable. Who dares to say that the second floor is not good? I am in a hurry with him! "

The fat man immediately howled, then looked at the crowd and yelled.

People look at the fat man with speechless faces. Can you tell me who said it? It's not your own words. Can people be more shameless? However, the fat man also asked the outstanding people's mind, who didn't want to live in a better room. Although the second floor was good, the president's flat on the third floor could not be compared.

"I have my own arrangement on the third floor, you will understand later!"

Di Ping looked at the crowd with a faint smile and said that he had guessed that there might be some thoughts in his mind when he arranged this way, so he thought it was better to explain: "the people who live in this castle are qualified to live in the castle after they have achieved a certain degree of merit, and the third floor is even more demanding, but they can't enter until certain conditions are met. Now it's an exception for you to live directly on the second floor I can't help it. I'll lose face if I'm caught up by someone later! "

"What's the condition, Diego?"

Cheng Chao is also envious of the third floor conditions. He used to be the boss. He lived well. Although he is not now, he would like to live better if he has good conditions.

"You are the first group of people with me, so I will give you benefits to live directly on the second floor. In the future, the castle will move in. First, we must become the management. Second, we must achieve a certain contribution value. After that, we will have a contribution system, and the article is to open up the potential!"Di Ping looked at the people and said three conditions. These conditions were what he thought last night. The castle is so big. It is unrealistic if all people live in it, so grading is necessary.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!