Chapter 35

More than an hour later, these people finally selected their own rooms. They all seemed very satisfied. They went downstairs laughing and talking. Fortunately, except for the location of the room, the other installations were the same. There was nothing to argue about. The most important thing was that there were some small problems such as not facing the sun. It was very easy to choose a few more people on the second floor, and there would be no conflict.

With a few people to the manor, Diping has found the change of the manor. In front of the manor gate, a field has been cultivated, covering an area of about 1 mu. Five or six workers are turning the soil in the field and planting something in it. Derin, the administrator of the manor, is also standing in the field, playing with a machine that doesn't know what to use. Buji also stands not far away and carefully observes around.

"Master, welcome to visit the Manor!"

When derin saw a group of people coming from afar, he immediately put down his happy step to meet him, and saluted respectfully.

"Well, Derlin will be more casual in the future. There's no need for that!"

Diping reached for derin's gentle way.

Derlin was very moved, and his voice was a little excited. "Thank you, master... This is what I should do.".

"What are you doing?"

Di Ping knew that he couldn't say much to the characters who were given away by their systems. Although they looked at them as normal people, their respect and humility to themselves still made him a little unaccustomed. In this era, it's still not good to shout at the host one by one.

"Back to our master, we have been planting the soil in the morning by ten workers."

Derin pointed to the farmland and explained to di Ping.

"What seed! What do you plant this season

Di Ping is also a rural person. He knows that there is no crop to plant in this season, so he asks a question with some incomprehension.

Derlin took out a small cloth bag from his arms, squeezed out a few seeds and handed them to him. "Master, this is a special seed of our manor. It is a kind of grain. It is not affected by the season. It germinates in seven days, pulls out the core in seven days, develops in seven days, and matures at seven."

On hearing this, di Ping quickly took it over and looked at it. It was similar to wheat. There was no other strange place for the seed. It looked very ordinary. But he didn't expect that it would be so powerful that it was actually mature in January. If we planted it in a large area, would you still worry about not eating it?

"What's the output? Are there many seeds? "

Di Ping suddenly thought that if the yield is too small, it is also a problem, and there is a seed problem, so he urgently asked.

"Master, the yield of this mu of soil is about two thousand jin. There is no need to worry about the seed problem. It can be planted directly after it matures."

Derlin took the seed from dipin's hand and put it back into the bag, explaining to dipin.

"Good! Great Di Ping was overjoyed. He didn't expect that the manor system was so powerful that the food problem would be the biggest problem for human survival in the future. He didn't expect that the system could be easily solved. How could he be unhappy!

"Master!"

derin seemed to have something to say when he looked at Diping.

"What do you want to say?"

Di Ping saw that derin wanted to say something, and gave him a smile to indicate his freedom.

"Master, the problem now is that we are short of manpower. If we have enough hands, we can open more fields."

Derlin looked at the workers who were busy sowing seeds in the field, and then complained to Diping.

Di Ping laughed and said, "I'm here to solve this problem for you." In the morning, Wei Wei started his life again because of the miraculous appearance of several mansions in the last ten years 。

They have been looking around and feeling, as if grandma Liu had entered the Grand View Garden, and when they saw Di Ping's greeting, they came quickly.

"This is derrin, who is in charge of the estate!"

Di Ping introduced to the public that derin came forward to salute the crowd, but Cheng Chao's several people were almost numb. They were not too surprised to have Barton in front of them, and they all went to introduce each other one by one.

Di Ping's idea is very simple. He has seen that the manor can recruit workers directly from the system or from the reality, not to mention the recruitment price of system workers. In reality, can these people still be kept in vain? Let them work on their own is the right way, white raise do not say how much it costs, which is not conducive to the development of idle people!

Di Ping said his own ideas to the people. They were very happy and thought it was a good idea. These people were free. The old and the weak women and children could work as workers in the manor and get food. The strong men could form a team to ensure the safety here. The division of labor was clear, which was more convenient for the development of this small base, so there was no problem at all All the votes were passed.

When people hear that there is a large amount of food to be provided once a month, people get excited and almost all jump up and shout. Is there anything more important than safety and food in this end of life? Now that this problem can be solved, how many people can not be happy?

Di Ping in the pub didn't want to take people to the pub now. Let's have a little dew!I really wanted to show too much. I was afraid that these people would frighten me. So I ordered the people to go back to prepare for the move. I called Buji, who was in charge of the safety of the manor, to follow him. Then he went to help move with the crowd. For the appearance of Buji, people were speechless. Was the surprise of the day not enough? Even now dipin has a person come out to say that this is a God, and they will believe that this boss is beyond human cognition.

The people who survived in the community, hearing that there was a safer place with sufficient food and water, jumped up and lived in the last days. These people realized how important the former environment was. They felt unhappy everyday and yearned for a more free life. Now they are free, but their life is gone! When I lost, I knew how hard it was to live a stable life before.

So now there is such an environment where people are very interested. They are quick to move things in one morning, and even tons of food are quickly moved here. When all the people gather in front of the castle, they behave like before the fat man and others.

Shocked, surprised, excited, crazy and so on

after being surprised, excited and unbelievable, everyone felt a kind of satisfaction and pride. It seems that there is such a place for them to live. It is really a blessing for them to kneel down and thank the gods and Buddhas.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!