Chapter 39

As soon as the door opens, a group of mermaids rush into the room. Li Sheng is supported by Cheng Chao and Lao Luo. Ye Lu, Ning Nan and Liu Bingyu even rush into the room together. Fortunately, di Ping's suite is relatively large, and it won't be crowded when many people come in.

"Sit down, all of you!"

Di Ping looked at the anxieties on people's faces and the complicated look in their eyes. Didn't he know why these people came? Sigh to let people sit down, the hall of the ancient European style wooden sofa, these people are also relaxed, di Ping or half lying on his rattan chair, hands around the purple sand teacup, but the eyes have been in everyone's face.

After a few people sat down one by one, they were silent. No one spoke first. Their faces were heavy, their eyebrows were low and they didn't speak. It seemed that they were thinking about something?

"You know all about it? Tell me your opinion Or di Ping took the lead in breaking the silence.

For a moment, several people looked at me and I looked at you. Their faces looked different. They didn't seem to know how to open their mouth. Finally, they all focused on di Ping, and their eyes twinkled with expectation.

"No, I don't approve of rescue. It's too dangerous! Let Dick go. What if something happens

At this time, Yu Shujie suddenly stood up, her voice was rapid, her face was red, her expression was very excited, and she was still a little angry.

"So... So, Diego, what about those people? However, thousands of people...... "

at this time, the fat man stood up fiercely and looked at dipin anxiously. The color of expectation in his eyes was extremely strong.

"Fat man, do you want to kill Dick?" Yu Shujie refused to let her go. She stared at the fat man angrily and roared, "who has the ability to go? Why must Digo take risks...".

"I... I didn't!"

The fat man was more excited for a moment, and his face turned red.

"You don't? You didn't ask Diego to save people? Do you know how far it is from here and how dangerous is the road? " Yu Shujie interrupted the fat man's words with discontent on her face, pointed to his nose and cried angrily, "also, there are dozens of mutant dogs there. How can Diego deal with it alone? You don't want to kill him or what do you want? If you have the ability, go and save it The words were quick and quick, like a barrage of fire. The fat man who scolded retreated, and his forehead was full of sweat.

Di Ping was a little stunned for a moment. He didn't expect how the normally warm and gentle Yu Shujie suddenly reacted so strongly, like a hen protecting her own children, spreading her wings behind her to prevent the eagle from catching the child.

At the thought of this, Diping touched his nose awkwardly, and was suddenly taken care of by a woman, which made him feel warm in his heart for a moment.

"I... I! I didn't! Want to... Want to kill Diego

The fat man's mouth stammered when he was in a hurry, and his sweat was more like water.

At this time, the fat man's face twitched and his mouth twitched.

When the fat man heard Li Sheng's voice, he stopped to explain. He looked at Yu Shujie, who had been staring at him angrily. All of a sudden, he found that the eyes they looked at him were not right. Suddenly, he understood something. His face turned pale, and his eyes looked at di Ping with some pleading.

"Dicko! I · "

" I know, fat man, sit down first! " Dipin waved his hand and interrupted what the fat man was saying.

In fact, Diping knew that the fat man really didn't want to harm himself. He was very simple. He was worried when he heard the news. He only thought that Diping was so powerful that he could save people. He didn't think about the danger. When Li Sheng woke up, he saw the people's eyes, and then he thought of the deep. Fat man's thick heart does not mean that he is stupid. He felt that he was a little bit After that, isn't it hard for Diego?

I still call him brother of life and death, but I'm not forcing him to take risks?

Hearing this, the fat man's face looked better. He just looked at the people's eyes. He felt bitter in his heart. He lowered his head in silence. He didn't dare to speak any more. He was totally different from his usual lively character. He had never been quiet at this time.

"Sister Yu, sit down, too." Seeing the fat man sitting down, di Ping was gentle and comforting. Yu Shujie, who was keeping a face of anger, said: "the fat man has no such mind. He is anxious. Don't blame him!".

At this time, Yu Shujie suddenly felt her reaction was too intense. Her face turned red and she sat down with her head down in front of her chest. She didn't dare to look at the public any more. It seemed that everyone was looking at herself with different eyes. This made her even more embarrassed. She was not like Diping. How could he not let everyone doubt her and think that her ears were red.

Although Di Ping looks funny at Yu Shujie's shyness at this time, she is more touched and feels cared about.

"Dicko! I don't approve of saving people! " Cheng Chao, who has been silent, suddenly says.

"Oh! What do you say, brother Cheng? " Although Di Ping doubts Cheng Chao's performance, but he still quietly asked.

Cheng Chao's expression seemed to change a little hesitant, and finally he said with difficulty: "Diego, we are isolated now, with only a few dozen people, and the combat effectiveness is even weaker. If there is no Diego you support, we don't want to survive." after saying this, Cheng Chao pauses, and suddenly his voice rises, "so we don't have the strength to save so many People, food supply, security, personnel transportation, we are all not equipped, how to save people? "Looking at Cheng Chao, di Ping is very satisfied. He knows that Cheng Chao is a soldier. The bounden duty of a soldier is to protect people's lives and property. This is his creed in the army. Although he left the army, he had his own persistence, but he decided not to save people at this time. For him, he should have experienced a difficult psychological struggle.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!