Chapter 37

Yu Shujie secretly scolded herself for being shameless, but she enjoyed it very much. She wanted to see it, but she didn't dare to look at it, and she swept it with her eyes from time to time. Every time she swept this guy, she immediately lowered her head to drink tea. It seemed that she was very thirsty. A cup of tea was finished within a few strokes.

"Drink slowly, it's a little hot!"

With a red face and a strange way of anger, Yu Shujie came forward to pick up the Diping teacup and poured another cup before the tea table.

"Yu... Sister Yu, i... I'm not thirsty!"

Di Ping stammered and said that he was not thirsty, but he took the tea cup and drank it out.

"Poop!"

Yu Shujie couldn't help it any longer. She covered her mouth and began to smile. Her eyes bent into crescent moon and her long eyelashes trembled slightly with the smile. Looking at Diping's embarrassment, she thought that this was still the decisive and majestic God of war?

This is actually a shy little boy next door....

her smile attracted Di Ping's eyes again. Di Ping looked at Yu Shujie, who was full of amorous feelings, smelled the refreshing fragrance, and the infuriating curve, and had the charm of ripe peaches. The string in his heart seemed to be provoked suddenly, and his breath was a little short, and his eyes were some Red, filled with desire.

"Sister Yu..."

Yu Shujie was awakened by the call, and then she saw the fire in di Ping's eyes. She breathed in terror. Although she didn't know that the string was wrong to tease Di Ping today, she was really not ready to accept a man now. Although her relationship with her husband was in crisis, she was more than happy with the man in front of her, But she was really not ready. When she saw dipin's eyes, as a mature woman, she certainly knew what dipin's reaction represented.

"Well, you have a rest! I'm going down with my baby

Yu Shujie said in a flustered hurry. Then she opened the door and ran down. It seemed that there was a ghost chasing her!

When she saw that Yu Shujie ran out in a hurry and the fear in her eyes, Diping suddenly woke up and hurried to the tea table. In a flurry, she carried a pot to her mouth and drank water like a buffalo. Then she took a breath. She fell down in the cane chair and breathed heavily on her back. It took several minutes for her breath to slow down.

Di Ping secretly scolded himself for his poor self-determination. Finally, something happened. With his current strength, if yu Shujie really rushed up, Yu Shujie had no chance to resist, but this was not what he thought. If he really wanted to do this, what difference would he have with Wang Delin?

Di Ping thought that he had poor determination. In fact, he did not. From the end of the world to the present, we can say that he had experienced too much. First, he was oppressed by survival. He was worried and worried. He did not know whether life could be guaranteed at any time. His fear and loneliness could not be solved. Then he experienced many battles of life and death. What kind of mental process did he have at that time? All of these were accumulated in his mind, These are usually suppressed by him, but once accumulated to a certain extent, they will break out. To see why many people suddenly become evil doers from good people in the end of the world. Sometimes they are even more evil than some evil people. This is that many people have too much accumulation in their hearts. Once they can no longer suppress them in the end of life, they will be controlled by these evil ideas and do all kinds of strange things Come on, become extremely brutal and crazy.

Just now, di Ping had a sign that she wanted to lose control. Fortunately, Yu Shujie lost her goal as soon as she ran. Her strong willpower came into effect again, and she had no mistakes. Although he had a good feeling for Yu Shujie, who didn't like beautiful and gentle women? But what can he do? He can't do it!

After staying in the room for half an hour, Diping completely calmed down his heart. He also felt that his state was not right, so he did not move in the cane chair. He gently breathed to regulate his heart and calm his mind.

Di Ping Ping was calm, and then he picked up a cigarette from the tea table on the side, took out the root and took a deep breath. The sudden change just now made him afraid of the strong desire in his heart. He was really afraid at that time. Fortunately, there was no accident in the end. Otherwise, I really don't know how to face Yu Shujie. He is a smart man. He has learned a lot from his years of experience The main thing is that he is always introspective and self-conscious, so he is a little worried about the changes he has just made beyond his control.

At that time, I felt that I couldn't control her inner desire. Seeing that Yu Shujie had a violent impulse on the spot, she wanted to rush up to catch her and press her under her body. It seemed that she didn't reject this idea in her heart. If it wasn't for the last trace of bottom line suppressing him, Yu Shujie could not run away at his speed.

After smoking a cigarette, Diping sighed. He didn't understand what happened to him now. He just felt that he had some psychological problems, but he didn't know exactly what the problem was.

"Dicko! Dicko

While Diping was thinking, suddenly came the fat man's exaggerated voice at the door, and then the door clanged and was violently pushed open.

"What's the matter, fat man?"

Di Ping put the cigarette butt out in the ashtray and looked up at the fat man who rushed into the room and was panting with sweat.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!