Chapter 40

"I don't agree! "Li Sheng, half lying on the sofa, had a gloomy voice.

Li Sheng and fat man are different. Li Sheng is cold and warm, but he has little words but is persistent. Once he decides that one thing will never change, since he decided to follow Diping from the bottom of his heart, everything of Liping is his most important. It can be said that the interests of Diping are his highest interests, so it is normal for him not to approve.

Li Sheng is a kind of man like a knight in the ancient Western times. Most of all, he is dedicated and loyal, and he can live for the loyal object or die for it.

This kind of human society is very rare, and it is more heterogeneous. In this century, money is supreme, everyone is self-centered, and all is self-centered; in ancient times, the loyalty of the people who are friends died is stupid in their eyes. So people like Li Sheng can say that they are really rare species.

People like him, usually few friends, never give feelings easily, but when they pay that fear to go through the fire and go through the soup, they will not hesitate.

"I don't agree!"

Lao Luo, who is also making a voice, pursues the principle of equal exchange. He is willing to help others without damaging himself. However, this dangerous rescue is obviously not in line with his survival logic. He must not, not all people can achieve the principle of great justice and inaction. It is normal.

"We also feel too dangerous!"

At this time, Liu Bingyu's soft voice came. Diping saw the eye contact between the three girlfriends and knew that this was the meaning of the three of them. Basically all of them didn't agree with the rescue, I'm afraid it would be put on hold.

Actually, in mind, Diping is not willing, he is not a selfless sage. If he can save him, he will not refuse. But although he is not bad at present, who knows how many crocodiles are mutated like Dihu?

Most of the main now their own system has just begun to show, everything is just starting, if they go out, what to do, he not only has this group of people to take care of, but also his parents waiting for him to rescue, he can not easily abandon life..

"Di · system task release, task rescue: successfully complete the task, reward 500 crystal coins, one weapon Wujin war knife, deduct 100 crystal coins if the task fails, and whether the host receives it?"

When he was ready to speak and decided not to go to rescue, a system voice sounded in his mind, and a task appeared, which immediately interrupted what he was about to say.

For Diping, although he has opened up his potential and completed his career inheritance, fundamentally speaking, he is just a college student who has just graduated for two years. Although these years are also small achievements and his heart grows rapidly, he is still a common person growing up in the era of peace. It is impossible to fear without fear in the face of unknown dangers.

Although Di Ping had a vague idea of the world after he had the system, it would be nice to save himself with his present strength. However, the system has been assigned with 500 crystal coins. He has won 20 pieces of coins after a few days of hard work. Most of all, he has a war knife. He has to wait for some strength to save himself. However, the system has been assigned a lot of 500 crystal coins. He has won 20 pieces in these days I have long felt that the Chinese sword in my hand is not enough. Isn't it like sleeping and sending pillows?

Although there is danger, it is different to have interests.

Did the great Marx say that? If there is 50% profit, capital will take risks; for 100% of the profits, capital will dare to trample all laws on earth, and Diping feels like he is a capitalist now, and he can take risks for crystal currency.

He is short of money now! The fivehundred crystal coins are drooling and there is also a Wujin war knife. This is a good thing. Therefore, he must take the task and complete it.

Since things have to be done, he will not hesitate, look ahead and look forward to the future is not his style, or he will not be able to get tens of millions of assets in just three years.

"No more arguments!"

When Diping thought of clapping and startling the people who were arguing in a small voice, he said slowly, "I know you are all good for me, afraid of too dangerous." he said, with a dark look, and said with some emotion, "but this thousands of lives... I can't do anything to say it!"

"Dicko..." br >

several people were shouting and looking at dipine in surprise. They didn't seem to believe how he would make such a decision suddenly. Is it obvious that he will die?

"Don't worry!"

Diping put his hand to stop the public, and his eyes swept quickly. He found that Chengchao and Ye Lu showed a happy color in her eyes, especially the bright surprise of Chengchao's eyes. Lao Luo was also surprised. Li Sheng was calm. He seemed to support him for any decision. Only Yu Shujie had anxiety, worry and a touch. It was very complicated. Even if she was low in the original stage, she was very low The fat man with his head also looked at dipine in surprise. His eyes flashed with surprise and moved. He put all of this into his eyes.

"I will not come in trouble, you are assured, I want to see, can save me, can not save that also can not be!"

"Dipine looked at the crowd and assured.

"It's too far away. What about danger?"

Yu Shujie asked nervously, her beautiful eyes were fixed on dipine, full of worries.Di Ping said with a smile, "don't worry! I'm not so stupid. If I can't beat it, I'll still be able to run! "

"I'll go with you, Diego."

Cheng Chao suddenly stands up with firm eyes, as if to die with di Ping.

"I'll go too"

"and me

The fat man also suddenly stood up to express his position. Lao Luo spoke immediately. Only Li Sheng didn't speak, but his eyes were a little gloomy.

"Come on! It's not like having dinner together Di Ping grinned bitterly and even waved his hand, "I'll go by myself. Your strength is following. I'm not attacking you. I can't help you!".

People also know that di Ping is telling the truth. They all sit down in despair. The fourth daughter of Liu Bingyu knows that these men can't do it. They don't have to think about it. They are born peacefully.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!