Chapter 36

In the morning, a group of people finally moved in, and there were not many main things. Each of them could take care of all their belongings with one package. The most remaining was food. These hands were quick to work together. There were more than 50 people in total, and there were only 20 adult men. The rest were either old or weak or women and children. The men had been formed a guard team by Di Ping long ago Some of the members of the team arranged to live on the first floor of the castle. The whole family was divided into a single room and made do with it. Then, the older and women were all arranged to enter the manor, and derin was responsible for the production of the manor.

After these people entered the manor, there was a steward, derin, who specially entered the training room for training. It seemed that they were transferred knowledge by the manor system, and they quickly started simple work. According to Derlin, as long as there are ten days and a half months, all of them can become familiar.

And the five women rescued from Wang Delin, Ye Lu and Liu Bingyu, because Ning Nan is the person needed by the doctor in the base now, it is not easy to assign Ye Lu and Liu Bingyu to work in the manor. However, the other two women were not so lucky. They were supposed to go directly into the manor to engage in production. Finally, the castle also needed service personnel and people who cooked for the guards The woman stayed, responsible for the castle health and cooking for the team members. Now there are fewer people, and both of them can do it.

Yu Shujie is still in charge of the diet of the main figures of Diping. She is also used to the meals she cooked. She may not be able to eat what others have done. She was supposed to recruit several maidens to serve him according to Barton's housekeeper's request, but she was refused by Di Ping. What kind of person should she become? The landlord, the rich or the emperor, and now we really need to do this He is not the kind of person who starts to raise his tail when he has just made a little achievement.

Diping stood in his room and looked out through the huge glass window. The tower was very high, only 30 meters high. Standing here, we could see the whole scene of the whole area. Looking at the castle wall, some members began to patrol around. People from the manor not far away also came in and out. There were many people in the field who were opening up the land. Buji took the guards in the distance On patrol, to prevent the mutated animals from attacking the workers, people in the whole base are busy with their own business, but dipin can see the smile on their faces from here. It seems that they are very happy and safe. It is a thriving scene.

Looking at this scene, dipin felt that all his efforts were necessary. Although he had never met these people, now these people gathered here to live together, which could provide him with a safe living environment. He felt that his heart was warm and seemed to be very happy. Shouldn't he be happy?

"Dicko! Tea

At this time, a soft woman's voice sounded behind Di Ping, which startled him from his meditation. Without changing his face, he knew that this woman was Yu Shujie, because no one could enter the tower except for his permission. The castle was not an ancient castle, but a war fortress in science fiction. It was totally intelligent electronic control system For example, this tower is the most strictly controlled tower. No one is allowed to go up without the authorization of dipin. The castle has a lot of weapons, so you don't know how to die.

But now the tower has opened his authority to the people he trusted most. Except for the general pivot of the office who has no authorization, all the rest are authorized. He doesn't want to make himself a high-ranking existence and let himself be isolated from these people.

Now he was standing in his huge living room. Yu Shujie made a pot of tea for Di Ping and brought it in.

"Thank you, sister Yu."

Di Ping took the tea with a smile. A smell of tea mixed with a woman's body fragrance floated into his nostrils. At this time, he found that Yu Shujie had just taken a bath, her hair had not been dried, some of which were wet and dewy, and she was scattered on her shoulders. Her delicate white jade face was red and red as if she was about to drip water. She was wearing a gray, pleated skirt, which was soft The soft cloth clings to the body, showing the perfect curve completely. Not only does he show his thin white shoulders, but he doesn't dare to look down in a hurry. However, when he looks down, he sees the long, white and greasy thighs that can't be covered by the miniskirt, and his nostrils feel hot.

He took the tea in a hurry and sat down on the cane chair in front of the window to cover up his embarrassment. He was afraid to look at Yu Shujie while drinking tea. He could be a young and vigorous man. He could withstand such teasing and resist not jumping on it.

Looking at di Ping's embarrassment, Yu Shujie was amused. At the same time, her face turned red. She didn't know how to wear this dress, so she came to make tea for him. Her husband couldn't see such clothes at home, and she felt flushed every time she wore them. But today, after taking a bath, she suddenly wanted to wear this kind of clothes and came to di Ping.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!