Chapter 46

After collecting the crystal coins, Diping opened the system again, and a virtual interface appeared in front of him. Every time he opened the system, he felt unreal and unreal, as if in a dream, like Zhuang Zhou dreaming of butterflies. He could not figure out who was in the dream.

Now it's not the time to think about this. He put down his thoughts and directly opened the pub recruitment interface to enter the hero recruitment interface. The interface was a bit fuzzy, and three heroes slowly emerged. Sure enough, luck was not always good. Three d-level potential heroes appeared in the system recruitment interface.

Di Ping has only five crystal coins, which is not enough to refresh. Fortunately, he is recruiting D-class heroes to verify his guess.

These three heroes, the first shooter, this direct exclusion, why? We should know that these heroes are naked and have no weapons after they are recruited. Where can they shoot weapons for them.

The second is a barbarian, but dipin has recruited a barbarian Buji, and now he has repeated his recruitment.

The third one is a mage, and she is a female mage. This is more in line with dipin's idea. She is a warrior and has a long-range attack profession to cooperate with. That's her. Di Ping is sure.

Click directly to select the mage and confirm the recruitment. He has heard from Wu An, the manager of the tavern, that the recruitment can be carried out directly in the system, and there is no need to get the recruitment on the third floor of the tavern. As long as the system side is confirmed, the recruitment tower on the third floor of the tavern will automatically start to complete the recruitment task. Di Ping completed the recruitment in the bath.

In the system, the red light surges around the whole mage, and instantly she disappears into the interface.

At this time, the recruitment tower on the third floor of the tavern suddenly lights up. The mysterious runes on the columns shine one by one. The energy flows in the mysterious runes. Then the light of the column body lights up the whole third floor. The three prisms open slowly and become bigger and bigger. The energy is surging in the middle of the columns, and the electric light swims in the dense fog Thunder snake.

The fog is more and more condensed, denser and bigger, and gradually spreads outward to form a big fog, tightly wrapping the three prisms. After a minute, faint thunder sounds from the dense fog. Suddenly, the fog mass accelerates to enlarge, and then it suddenly retracts and compresses back to the three prisms to form a human light cluster.

The thick fog gradually dissipated, and the light gradually faded. A tall man in a black cloak appeared in the column space. His whole body was covered tightly, and his face was hidden in it. The shadow of the man lasted for several seconds before he stepped out. Wu An, the manager of the tavern, had already been welcomed in the hall on the third floor.

At this time, dipin didn't see all this. He saw that the image of the sorcerer in the recruitment interface disappeared. In the pub hero interface, another hero appeared under the barbarian buggy. Gina mage was level one, and the weapon positions were all empty. It was determined that the recruitment should be successful. Then he called Barton to bring Gina, the sorcerer.

Although the castle is an ancient building, it is like a science fiction movie. It has a complete artificial intelligence system. Dipin just sleeps in the bath and just talks to the air and arranges Barton to pick up people from the tavern. Barton receives the notice from the castle intelligent system. At first, dipin is not used to it. Under Barton's repeated explanation, he feels it is very convenient If such a big castle doesn't have this set of intelligent things, it will be troublesome to find a person.

When dipin was washed and dressed and came to the living room, Barton was already waiting, with a sorceress in a black cloak standing beside him.

The female mage has removed the hat on her head and put it behind her head. Her golden hair curls naturally and simply spreads over her shoulder. Her skin is very white and thin. Her eyes are blue like stars. It seems that she has infinite attraction. Her eyelashes are long and thin, and they are soft and charming without losing mischievous. Her eyebrows are straight and thin, like thin willows flying sideways and high The nose is erect, the bridge of the nose is like the magic skill of cutting ghosts and axes. The mouth is small but full, and the corners of the mouth are slightly upturned. A faint smile is always on the face. The face is thin and grown. The shape of melon seeds is sharp. The lines of both cheeks are obvious. The coordination of the whole five views and the face shape not only makes the person extremely beautiful, but also has a kind of strange charm. Although the body is covered in the large robe, it is still a kind of strange charm Yes, you can still see the faint curve, and the figure should be excellent. There is no such thin and cold feeling as the mage in the novel. Instead, he has a kind of heroic spirit.

"Master! Gina will listen to you

Gina, the female mage, looked at dipin for two seconds. Her eyes immediately changed and showed respect. Suddenly, she knelt down on one knee and lowered her head with her right hand raised on her high chest.

"Ha ha! ···Get up, please Di Ping was very happy. Smiling, she lifted up Gina, a female mage who was half kneeling. She said warmly, "Gina, welcome to this place!"

Although he was a little shocked by Gina's beauty just now, he reacted quickly and did not lose his face. If he lost his temper because of his subordinate's appearance, he would be disgraced! Although the heroes they recruit respect themselves, they still have a little style.

But when she put her hand on Gina's arm, though she was separated from the cloth, she could still feel the softness and tenderness that made people's heart beat, and there was a faint fragrance lingering in her nose. Di Ping suddenly felt a sudden sensation of impatience. Although he had been in love, he was still simple with Su Xiao at that time, that is, cuddling and kissing, so up to now Although Su Xiao is also a young man, Su Xiao's beauty belongs to youth and beauty. Compared with Yu Shujie's peach like maturity, women's impact on young men is much weaker. However, Gina is different from Liu Bingyu's natural delicacy. She is enchanting and charming, especially with the faint fragrance on her body. When she hears it, her heart rises like fire.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!