Chapter 47

Di Ping felt that something had gone wrong with him recently. He was more and more unable to suppress the desire in his heart. It was like a teenager who suddenly opened his mind to the matter of men and women, and became extremely impulsive. Now he is like this. A little bit external causes are triggered, and he just can't control it.

Gina, who was helped up by Diping, was red in her small face, and her pretty soft voice said, "thank you! ··Master The voice was sweet and soft, reaching deep into the heart.

The sound seemed to have magic power, which aroused the devil in Diping's heart. Dipin only felt his heart jump suddenly, and his blood quickly surged up to the top door. He only felt the brain humming, and the palm of his hand increased his strength involuntarily.

"Master... Pain!"

It seems that Diping's arm is in pain. Gina is timid and painful, and she is so tired of the delicate chant in her heart. For Diping at this time, it is like a fire falling on dry wood.

"Boom..."

dipin breathed heavily, panting like an oestrus bull, staring at Gina in front of her.

"Ah

It seems to feel that dipin is abnormal. As soon as she raises her eyes, she just sees her eyes full of desire. Gina seems to be a frightened rabbit. She shakes and shakes unconsciously, and she screams and retreats.

"Er!"

This exclamation, like thunder in the sky, awakened dipin who was about to leave. When he saw Gina, who was like a frightened bird in front of him, Diping was shocked. His pores shrank and sweat gushed out like a spring.

"Cough! Barton, give Miss Gina some tea.

Dipin awkwardly released Gina's arm, stepped back a few steps, coughed twice to cover up his embarrassment, and Baden served tea while he called to relieve his embarrassment.

"It's the master!"

Barton had been standing on the edge, head bowed and silent, like a statue. He did not respond to dipin's action at all. At this time, when he heard the order, he immediately went out.

At this time, Diping's heart was full of misgivings. How could he suddenly become so anxious? Gina was very beautiful, but she was not beautiful enough to make Diping commit a crime when she met? He didn't know that there was a problem. He thought that he was too tired recently. At this time, Gina was there, and it was hard to think about it any more. He shook his head in a headache.

"Gina! It was rude just now

Looking at still some at a loss to stand in place of Gina, Diping said with some regret.

Di Ping was not the kind of person who was eager to be lustful. Otherwise, he would not have been fighting for Su Xiao for many years. He had been sober up and felt that it would hurt Jina. He sincerely expressed his gratitude. Although Gina and others were recruited by the system and had great respect for themselves, he never regarded them as servants. Instead, he felt that they had blood There is meat. The expression in his eyes and words is completely normal emotion, not a robot. Therefore, he treats these people as his own friends and relatives. In this way, he does not want to leave a bad impression on Gina's eyes. He did have some impoliteness just now, and it's nothing to express his gratitude to Gina.

Gina didn't seem to expect that Diping apologized to him. She waved her hands in panic, "Gina is scared! The master doesn't have to apologize to Gina! " Then she blushed and looked at dipin timidly and said, "it's Gina who bumped into the master. As long as the master thinks, Gina will listen to everything!"

It was a little too sudden. She was a little panicked for a moment. Although she was recruited by the system, she was really a living human being with her own emotions. Just now when she felt the strong desire of dipine, she was afraid, and then she screamed out.

Therefore, Gina stood there in a panic and did not even dare to lift her head. She was afraid that her performance just now would upset Diping and cause the master's anger. At this time, she heard Diping's expression of gratitude, and saw sincerity in her eyes. She was deeply moved. You should know that in their world, the master has the power to kill and kill the servant, and if you are not satisfied, you can deal with it at any time Death, even resistance is a sin, not to mention the master wants their body, to become a follower, she has made all the preparations, that has a master like Di Ping so generous and benevolent, suddenly moved can not add, feel not with the wrong master.

"That... That! Gee Na, have tea

When Diping heard Gina's explicit words, his heart leaped, and his blood immediately began to boil again. He felt that he was too shameless. People wanted to do something bad when they just came. It was very embarrassing for him to have such a master. Just then Barton came in with a tea tray, which gave him a chance to ease up and let Gina drink tea 。

"Thank you, master!"

Gina seems to be blushing for her initiative. After all, she is still a young girl. She is still very simple. Just now she was influenced by loyalty. He took the initiative. Then she felt hot in her face when she came back. She heard Diping's greeting and took the tea from Barton. A trace of blush was creeping up her ears.

Looking at it, di Ping was filled with emotion. These recruitment heroes didn't know where the system came from. They all seemed to have their own complete personality and the seven passions and six desires of human beings. He thought that these people were robots or clones.

"Gina, where are you from?"Di Ping sat on his rattan chair with a teacup in his hand and smelled the fragrance of the tea. His floating heart slowly stabilized, and then he looked at Gina and asked.

"Master, I am from the city of Karlin in SARD, and I have been called by the master to be his follower!"

Gina, hearing dipin's question, quickly put down her tea cup and replied.

"Where is Sade?"

Diping heard that another planet appeared. This planet is there. The earth people have always regarded themselves as the only human race in the universe. Then isn't there another planet human? But it's not clear where the SARD is, so he asked quickly.

"I don't know?"

But to Pippin's disappointment, Gina shook her head a little confused.

"And how did you get here, you know?"

Dipin did not give up. Since he didn't know where SARD was, how did he come from?

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!