Chapter 50

Diping returned to the room, took out the map of the city area he had found for him, studied the route, and marked it with a sign pen. This route was supposed to be better to walk, basically along the main road, and some roads were quite wide. Remember that trees on the roadside are not trees, and they will not grow up like those who are at the gate of the community. They will have adults The tall trees with thick waist grow stronger after the change of the heaven and earth. The degree of road surface damage should be lighter, so it is better to go.

After a simple wash, Diping casually turned over two pages of books and was ready to sleep. Suddenly, he thought that he killed three wild boars and gained energy points today. But he didn't strengthen it. It seems that he has collected it. According to the game, he is collected in the pub system. I wonder if it is here, and how can I use it?

The system of meditation in mind, the system interface appears in front of Diping, and the pub opens. As expected, the bar shows two heroes in the box of "soul energy: 30". One is the barbarian buggy and the other is the mage Gina. The head image is opened. It shows the hero information, level, occupation, skill and equipment bar just like the game. Only the equipment bar is empty and the most There are two options below: solution and upgrade. The next level display of buggy only needs 15 soul energy. Then click kaigina to upgrade the next level only 10. The upgrade points of the two people are different.

As Diping thought about it, they understood that these two men buggy are potential heroes of level C, and Gina is level D. the growth of these two potentials is different from that of each level. It seems that heroes need different energy due to different potential levels, and more energy is required for high-level potential upgrading.

Now, only 30 points of energy is enough for Gina to upgrade to level 3, and how much energy does it take to develop her level B potential? I think that Diping has studied the pub in three places, and I don't know how much energy points he needs to upgrade. So he has to turn off the pub.

I was just about to turn off the system, and suddenly I found that the system interface was different, and I didn't pay attention to it. At any moment, I just saw that there was an extra image of myself in the top left corner of the interface. He didn't notice when the avatar appeared. If he had not just looked at the next interface, he would have ignored it.

Hurriedly ordered his head image, and indeed a message appeared in front of me.

"Castle host: Diping, occupation: Warrior, level: Level 1, now has buildings: Castle, manor, pub, recruitment Hero: 2"

there is indeed an upgrade button at the bottom of this information. Diping is very happy. Hurry up to check it. A message shows that upgrading next level requires soul energy upgrade by 20, which is really right for him The energy required for different potential levels is indeed different for each method, twice as much as level D. It is how much experience it takes to SS level. Dieping thought it was a bit of a rascal.

Now that I have 30 points to upgrade, I will start to save people tomorrow. Of course, the stronger the strength is better. The upgrade will be better. Dipine decides to act immediately. After that, he feels that his body has no reaction and doesn't seem to feel like anything.

Just as dipine was disappointed, a sudden heat broke out in his body, a mass of energy rose from the depth of his body, and then the blood in the whole body was boiling. Blood was like a raging sea and was running into the body, and it seemed that the sound of blood rolling could be heard. At this time, his heart was beating like a giant drum, and blood was washed everywhere with strong energy 。

At this time, dipine seemed to become a red lobster, the skin red frightening, as if the next moment boiling blood would burst through the body and gush out.

The intense pain is like the wave helping a wave of shock of dipine, he did not expect to upgrade to such a pain, pain he can not breathe, all bones also click straight, flesh and skin is more like burning hot pain, the whole people are curled in bed, all beans of sweat cry out.

Deping screamed in pain, holding the sheet tightly with his hands, and rattling from his teeth. He lived like a year and every second made him feel pain.

But just as dipine can't bear to faint, the boiling blood is finally slowly flat down, pain also gradually disappeared, a warm feeling like wind, spring and rain, quickly from the pain, like a gentle hand brush, let people comfortable to the bottom of the heart.

The original rising and splitting meridians, at this time, even have a sense of comfort, bones seem to be also in this warm energy to give out a refreshing buzz, energy every walk this place becomes hot and numb, seems to grow new meat feeling.

Only the heat flow lasted for about a minute, and began to disappear slowly. The last trace could not be found. It seems that it never appeared before. But dipine felt that his strength strengthened again, and the strength of his body strengthened.

When all the energy disappears, Diping feels that the next level of promotion seems to be not much power. It looks like 200 Jin. At present, it is nothing to be said of the 4000 Jin giant power. But don't forget that every level is increased by this amount. You should know that the first level in the game will be upgraded to ten levels, and the tenth level is also 2000 Jin. That is, one ton of great force, which is absolutely absolutely absolutely impossible at present It is not to be underestimated that it is Superman level.After a look at the information, it turns out that his own level has become level one and level two. Looking at the spirit energy in the pub, there are only 10 points left. Di Ping sighs in his heart. It seems that the upgrading road will be very long in the future.

Then he found that there was sticky black substance in his sweat, which also gave off a strong smell. Dipin felt that he rushed to the bathroom to wash and soaped twice before he felt clean. After taking a bath, he felt light all over, and seemed to be much lighter under his body.

However, he was so tired that he changed a sheet and fell into a deep sleep.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!