Chapter 41

Diping had already made a plan in his mind. He must be weak when he went alone. If he took Buji with him, he could not guarantee the safety of the castle. After all, there are dozens of people here? So boogie has to stay, so he can only take advantage of today's time to go out and brush the monster, see if he can get more crystal cores, and then recruit a hero to take him on the road, which will be safer.

"But?"

At this time, a few people still want to say something, dipin reached out to interrupt.

"Don't do it. Keep your home so that I can go out at ease. That's it."

"I will leave tomorrow morning, and you will be responsible for the affairs here after leaving." all the people in di Ping are quiet, and then they give them the task of "brother Cheng, you are responsible for the patrol of the guard team!" After that, Diping thought for a moment and then said, "by the way, boogie, I'll stay. You and he can clear up the mutant animals in the community as soon as possible, so as to ensure the safety of the farm reclamation personnel..."

"yes, Diego!" Cheng Chao stood up from the sofa and said, "make sure to finish the task!"

Di Ping smiles and says, "fat man, you and Lao Luo, organize some people to repair the walls of the community, and reinforce the places where the mutant animals are easy to come in!"

"All right, don't worry, Diego." They stood up and assured.

"Diego At this time, Yu Shujie anxiously looked at di Ping and asked, "what about us?"

"Yes, yes! And we? " Liu Bingyu's three daughters also followed.

"Good! Of course you have a mission too Di Ping looked at the four beautiful women with a smile, and his heart moved slightly. However, he quickly stopped his mind and said with a smile: "you are responsible for the management of the living staff in the castle and the population allocation of the manor." With that, Diping's face became serious. "This is very important. How about it? Can you do it well?"

"Hum!" Four women face unconvinced, Yu Shujie pretty face a Yang, "don't look down on people, we promise to complete the task......" the other three women also followed behind and nodded.

Di Ping looked at the four girls and said with a smile, "good! I believe you Then Diping's face changed and his smile disappeared. He looked at the people in the room seriously. "After I left, how many of you should discuss more about everything, and don't make conflicts?"

"Don't worry, Diego." Several people rushed to make sure.

Watching several people filed out of his room, Diping leaned on his chair, closed his eyes and turned his mind quickly. Judging from the performance of today's people, these people are not bad. They know the importance of things. They are not blind and unprincipled. They have gradually understood the way of survival in the end of the world.

Of course, in addition to fat people, it seems that some are too idealistic, but this is not a bad thing. I believe that things will change slowly. In such a world, it is difficult for good people without principles to survive. He believes that fat people will quickly understand.

After a short rest, Diping put on his sports clothes and went out with his sword. He didn't inform anyone. It was just after noon. It was only after noon that he had to take advantage of this time to get more crystal cores and recruit more heroes. Moreover, he saw that the icon of the system warehouse was also on. The construction of the warehouse was imminent. Although he did not know what the warehouse was for, he believed that it was a good idea It is absolutely a fine product, but all of these need to consume crystal money.

Quickly out of the gate of the community, the trees on the road become more tall and the weeds are more luxuriant. The mutant snake that was hung by Diping high on the branch is still there, but in this weather, it has some smell.

The sun was high in the sky, and the sun was a little spicy. Although there were more plants and trees, the temperature was not too high, but the grass was still a little muggy. He was sweating for a few hundred minutes. He swore in his heart and turned to walk from the grass to the road.

There are much less vegetation on the road. Although the road surface is damaged by the roots of big trees, it is generally better than walking in the grass. There is only a little space here. You can feel a breeze. The trees on both sides are green and shade, and there is no direct sunlight. It feels better.

Di Ping was cautiously moving forward. Suddenly, there was a hum and haw in front of him, which seemed to be the hum of a pig.

He grew up in the countryside, and his family used to feed pigs. He was very familiar with the sound, so he slowed down and moved forward quietly.

Around a few abandoned cars, sure enough, 50 meters ahead, three black pigs were arching about under the roots of the trees. They seemed to be looking for something to eat, and their mouths were humming and whining happily.

Di Ping looked at the three black pigs. They were nearly 1.5 meters tall and 4 meters long. They had two huge fangs protruding from their long sharp beaks, which were 30 cm long. The hair on their bodies was like steel needles, which made people's scalp numb. From the external appearance, these three black pigs were not domestic pigs, but fierce wild pigs.

What's more, to dipin's horror, these three wild boars were so powerful that when a car seemed to block its arch, only two huge fangs would directly fly the car out of the city.

Wild boar is not only powerful, but also fast, and its main vitality is strong. Once attacked, it will seek sound and collide with it. It runs slowly, either dead or disabled. Therefore, most hunters before the end of the world are not willing to offend this animal.Diping had a feeling that the mutant wild boar might be no less powerful than himself or even stronger than himself. When he thought of this, he didn't know whether to do it or not. If he didn't, there were three crystal nuclei. If he did, he was afraid to get rid of it. We should know that once wild boars are crazy, they can even fight against tigers.

"Come on

Di Ping was just thinking about whether to do it or not. He accidentally stepped on a branch and the tree board broke. Although the sound was very small, on this quiet road, the sound was like a needle falling in a quiet room. Immediately, the three wild boars stopped arched and looked up to di square.

"Shit!"

Di Ping stood there awkwardly for a moment and scolded secretly. At this time, he wanted to hide. He was not in a hurry. He was watched by three wild boars.

Three wild boars seem to be interrupted by Di Ping. They are very angry. Their hair explodes. Their red eyes are full of blood. With a low roar, they suddenly push their black hooves on the ground like three black arrows screaming at themselves. The three giant wild boars, which are almost one person high, run like crazy running oxen. The ground of the huge pig hooves every time it falls on the ground and shakes All were swept away by three black winds.

Looking at the three headed beast, Diping is powerful and dare not face it directly. He does not know how powerful he is now, so he still chooses to dodge honestly. He dodges one by one, jumps four or five meters away from the side of the road to the back of a big tree.

"Boom ·"

there was a loud noise. A jeep off-road vehicle was directly smashed by three black lights, and the vehicle parts were scattered. The frame of the vehicle was flying high, rolling and flying for more than ten meters, and then it hit the thick tree trunk heavily.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!