Chapter 49

Look at the time is almost seven o'clock. Through the glass window, I can see that smoke has risen in the manor, and the people working in the field also begin to walk toward the manor with tools in twos and threes. Outside the manor, we can see that before and after the manor, there are two acres of grassland reclaimed into fields. The yellow and black soil is turned over to form straight longgou.

As long as the rural people, no matter how long people live in the city, but people's nostalgia for the land seems to be born. The yellow and black soil of longlong reclamation seems to represent the hope of tomorrow's bumper harvest.

Di Ping is a child in the countryside. He has a special love for the land. Looking at the cultivated land, he thinks of his childhood working at home. Although he is very tired, he is very satisfied. Especially when his father looks at the crops growing in the field every day, his face is always joyful and contented. It seems that the field is not planted with millet It's gold. When I grow up, I know that it's not only the crops that grow in the fields, but also the hope of the family.

At this time, looking at the field, I suddenly felt this kind of feeling in my heart, that is, hope and satisfaction. After years of running around for money, I finally found that I was not happy. I always felt that I was very tired and hard, and I was always on the road of chasing money. At this moment, when I put down everything, I found that I was so simple, just wanted to live with hope Contentment is happiness.

Thinking of this, he missed his parents more than ever, and he was more eager to go home to save his father and mother. He wanted to start now, but he knew that he could not do it now. At this time, he did not only have himself, but not how great he was. He clearly knew that his current ability was not enough to cross thousands of miles to save his parents, so that not only could he save his parents Without them, he may not be able to live on his own, so he has to speed up the development of system functions and make himself strong. He believes that his goal is fast.

"Parents, you must wait for me, you must wait for me! I'll be back soon... "

Di Ping whispered in a low voice! Holding the fists tightly, I secretly decided to speed up the pace. I didn't have much time for myself. It has been more than a week since the end of the world. The living environment must be more and more difficult.

"Bang bang!"

At this time, the knock on the door interrupted dipin's meditation.

"Come in!"

Di Ping head also did not return to sink the voice way, the eyes are still looking at the slowly setting sun.

"Dick, dinner's ready!"

The door creaked open, and a soft and sticky voice came. Di Ping didn't have to look back and know who it was.

Yes, it's no one else. It's Liu Bingyu, a woman whose name doesn't match her name.

"It's you."

At this time, di Ping withdrew her eyes, turned and looked at Liu Bingyu with a smile, this long, delicate and beautiful woman.

"Who does Diego think it is? Sister Yu? "

Liu Bingyu seems to be a little dissatisfied with di Ping's words, with a slightly lost tone. However, as soon as she utters these words, she seems to feel her tone is a little ambiguous, and her white face turns red.

"Ha ha... It's too late for Miss Liu to ask me to have dinner! Of course I'll be surprised! "

When Di Ping saw Liu Bingyu's charming and coquettish manner, he immediately felt amused. His thinking just now made him change a lot, opened a little knot, and made people more cheerful. So when he saw Liu Bingyu's shyness, he immediately wanted to tease her.

"Don't you make me happy

Although Liu Bingyu is a little shy, she still raises her head and stares at Diping when she hears her words. Her eyes are full of expectation. Her big eyes blink and blink, and she is careful of her liver.

"Cough... That's for sure!"

Di Ping knew his state, but he could not stand the teasing. His big eyes were matched with the soft voice of the dead. Alas! Quickly coughed twice to cover up his embarrassment, and then nodded.

"Let's go to dinner."

With that, di Ping didn't dare to look at Liu Bingyu. She hurried out of the room, regardless of the beauty standing in the room.

Liu Bingyu looked at di Ping, who was rushing out of the door, suddenly pursed her lips and secretly laughed. Her eyes were full of embarrassment. She had intended to tease Di Ping. She didn't expect that this person would not be teased, just like a pure big boy. Her face turned red when she teased. However, her eyes twinkled with strong interest, and the mysterious tightness of this person made her have a heart to explore.

Di Ping didn't know that he was just looking at people with his own eyes. How could a young lady like Liu Bingyu, a famous family in Jingzhou, be so simple when he grew up in such a big family all the year round and learned a lot of ways to deal with affairs in a big family. Would he be as simple as a little girl?

He never thought that Liu Bingyu was just amusing him.

When Diping arrives at the small restaurant on the second floor, the fat man and others all come here early. There are three restaurants on the second floor, one big restaurant and two small restaurants. One of the small restaurants is the most high-end. The decoration inside is the same as some high-end hotels, and they are divided into rooms, and they eat in the largest room among them. At this time, only these few people, team members They all eat in the big restaurants. Here are only fat Li Sheng, Lao Luo Liu Bing Yu, Ning Nan Ye Lu, Yu Shujie and Nan Nan Nan. They are very spacious.Through the system, dipin let Barton bring Buji and Gina together and introduce them to each other. When people know that these two strong men and beautiful women are people with the same potential as dipin, they are all extremely shocked. They are curious about the examples of these two people and this magical castle. But we all know that dipin is willing to say that although they have many questions, they dare not Ask.

The food is simple. This is what Diping asked. Now the food is not enough. The land has just been reclaimed, and the crops can't be picked up for a while. Everyone seems to have their own mind and eat quietly. After dinner, di Ping simply told the people to go back to rest. In the morning, Diping has to leave early to have a rest, and no one else has More words.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!