Chapter 43

"Damn it!"

Di Ping scolded secretly, and pushed the head of the wild boar to the ground with a bang. The strong impact made his legs numb. He quickly ejected his body with the help of force, and flew out four or five meters away, trying to jump out of the attack range of the two wild boars.

"Ao ·"

Di Ping underestimated the ferocity of wild boars. The wounded wild boar was chopped by the sword, took a step back, shook its head, and then rushed up again with a low roar. As soon as di Ping landed, it arrived. At this time, he dared to let the wild boar hit. The group was powerful, and had a pair of big fangs. They were either injured or disabled.

Di Ping had no choice but to do too little damage to this big guy with his sword. Even with his skills, it was very difficult to kill him with one blow. This Han sword, which accompanied him through life and death, was no longer suitable. He could not use his strong strength because of his light flying.

What's more, these two giant wild boars have thick skin. They are different from the mutant dog. The mutant dog likes to pounce, and the key position is easy to show. But this big guy only greets you three ways down. How much damage can you do by chopping your back? No wonder people look down on such people in martial arts novels.

To hide, di Ping had to take another step to avoid the wild boar's collision, and then jumped to the top of a bridge car on the roadside.

"Boom"

he just stood on the top of the bridge car, and the boar, who had been kicked on the ground by him, had already rushed up and hit the bridge door. With a loud bang, the bridge car flew out two or three meters away. At this time, dipin had no time to jump out of the car, and was also hit by the force, and the whole person flew out with the car.

"bang"

Diping smashed heavily on the trunk of a huge Indus tree on the roadside. The chest of the earthquake was stuffy and almost spit out.

He was very depressed at this time. He didn't expect that he met three wild boars when he came out to hunt the first day. He didn't expect that the two wild boars would cooperate so hard to deal with each other. He didn't give himself time to react. This made him very frustrated. He clearly had more strength than the two wild boars, but he could not take them for a moment.

At this time, Diping suddenly found that the injured wild boar was blocked by the flying bridge car and flashed five or six meters away. At this time, the boar who had just hit the car seemed to be shocked by the strong shock force. He didn't find him for a moment. When he saw Diping plowing the ground, he rushed towards him fiercely.

"Good chance!"

When Di Ping's eyes lit up, he seemed to think of something. He did not move. Seeing that the wild boar had already rushed in front of him, he suddenly put his feet into force and lifted his body up to two meters high.

"Bang!"

a loud noise. The huge Indus trees of the two or three men gathered together and shook violently, and the bark flew wild. A wild boar hit the tree just now, and the two long tusks were thrust into the thick trunk.

Di Ping was very happy when he saw it. He remembered that he had seen a documentary. Even when a wild boar collided with a big tree, he would not hide. He wanted to knock the wild boar dizzy with the big tree. However, he could not pull out his fangs. So he did not dare to think about falling down and riding on the wild boar. At the same time, his long sword changed into cutting into cutting, and he took advantage of the power to stab down.

"Flame enhancement"

at the same time, as soon as di Ping used the skill talent enhancement that he had never used, he only felt his body shake, and a kind of energy suddenly emerged from the depth of his body and poured into the Han sword in his hand.

"Hoo!"

The body of Han sword suddenly turned red, like a layer of flame burning on the sword body. A burning feeling came to his face. There was a burning smell in the air.

"Poop"

the sword plunges from the back of the wild boar like mud. The sound of a sharp blade entering the meat is accompanied by the sound of burning the flesh with hot iron. It makes people's scalp numb. The sword goes straight to the handle, but there is no blood gushing out from the wound. At this time, it still squeaks and smokes. It seems that the blood has been burned dry, and you can smell a strong smell of roast meat.

"Ow ·"

the giant wild boar gave a shrill cry, which made Diping's ears numb, and then the wild boar began to struggle fiercely.

Maybe it's the threat of death. The wild boar will become extremely violent. His body swings back and forth, trying to throw dipin off his back. But dipinna dares to ignore him. He quickly clasps his legs tightly and holds the sword handle with both hands, so as not to let the boar throw him down.

Di Ping stirred the blade of the sword fiercely. The boar was in pain and gave out more and more screams. For a moment, the whole forest was full of wild boar's shrill cry, which spread far away. Another wild boar was stunned there for a moment, and didn't know how to help.

"Ao ·"

it seems that he can't bear the pain any more. The giant wild boar suddenly roared, and broke his two fangs into two parts. His body broke away from control. Immediately, he twisted and ran wildly. Dipin felt that he had used all his strength, and his legs were numb, but he kept on turning the sword and stirring the body of the sword in wild boar.

"Oh

The wild boar whirled wildly for a few times, felt that Diping didn't mean to shake off. He immediately roared and ran, but his internal organs had been twisted in a mess by Di Ping, all the internal organs were broken, and ran out of a hundred meters. Then he fell down on the ground, shaking his body and growling in a low voice.The last wild boar who was injured was not light. The wound was a foot long and bleeding. The boar riding by Diping was too crazy to insert his hand. At this time, he saw the boar fall down. He was not afraid, but roared and rushed to Diping again.

At this time, Diping's legs were pressed by the wild boar. He watched the wild boar rush from a hundred meters away. He did not dare to delay. He pulled out his long sword and stared at the wild boar like a running ox.

"Come on

At this time, di Ping was also inspired by his bloody nature. He drank a lot, and his powerful strength was raging. The wild grass around him was bent.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!