Chapter 44

"Flame enhancement"

he doesn't want to dodge this time. He is ready to fight hard. He wants to see what kind of damage effect can be achieved by chopping and flame strengthening.

As soon as di Ping's sword shook, a flame quickly spread over the whole body of the sword. His body suddenly rushed forward to meet the mutant boar. Seeing that one man and one beast were about to meet, the violent impact smashed all the obstacles on the road.

"Chopping"

Di Ping's body leaped and roared with fury, and his whole body power gushed. With his long sword, he cut more quickly. With the burning flame, the sword drew a red shadow in the air, like a sharp whistle, as if the air had been chopped.

The sound of sharp blade cutting into the flesh is accompanied by the sound of knife cutting bone lattice, which makes people's pores tight.

"Ow"

when a wild boar roars, only half of its head is cut in half. The powerful force not only cuts the pig's head in half, but also smashes the head of the boar into the ground, splashing blood on the ground. Diping holds the sword and looks at the boar lying on the ground with blood flowing all over the ground. Then he breathes a long breath.

"Dee... Discover soul energy, harvest 10 soul energy!"

At this time, the heart of the boar, whose head was broken in half, stopped beating. A mass of soul energy the size of a dark green table tennis ball rose from the dead boar, and then turned into a streamer into a streamer. The system prompted the sound to ring again. But this time, unlike before, the energy did not strengthen itself, but was collected.

At this time, Diping didn't check carefully. The other two were injured by him and fell to the ground. Up to now, he hasn't received the soul energy. Obviously, the two wild boars are not dead. In this fight, Diping also felt very tired, but at this time when he was resting?

A nail sized crystal nucleus was found from the head of the boar, and then he walked toward the other two wild boars. Sure enough, the hearts of the two wild boars were still beating. Diping was not polite. He took up his sword and fell down. The two crystal nuclei came to his hand again. After two beeps, he again received 20 points of energy. Now he has 30 points of soul energy, but he does not know at this time How to use Tao, wait for a safe place to check it slowly!

After a fight just now, there might be some mutant animals coming here. This is not a place to stay for a long time. Diping cleaned up and left quickly. He thought it was right. When he left for five or six minutes, several mutant dogs were gathered together.

After walking for about a kilometer, Diping found a van parked on the side of the road. After taking a taxi, he hid in the trunk door and prepared to take a rest. Although he was not hurt much in the fight just now, his mind and energy were not small, and his physical strength was also greatly consumed. If he did not find a place to rest, it would be very difficult to cope with the danger.

He took out his own water from his small backpack, took a few drinks, and half lay in the carriage to rest. He recalled the gains and losses of this battle. This is a habit that di Ping has developed for many years. Every night before he goes to bed, he will sum up the gains and losses of the day, so that he can grow faster. Today's battle makes him feel that he still has a lot of fighting consciousness, no matter in terms of strength or speed They are far more than these wild boars, but they are really embarrassed by three wild boars. It takes a lot of effort to kill them. This is not normal.

In the battle, he realized the powerful skills, and the effect of combined skills was so good. The wild boar's hard scalp, which could not be cut by the sword, was divided into two parts under the skill. It can be seen that the proper use of the skills will play a greater combat effectiveness.

The skill of collision in the battle just now was very strong, and he didn't make good use of it. A pause after the first achievement made him lose the initiative. If he hadn't been stupefied, he would have been able to deal with a wild boar. The last one could easily solve the problem. It seems that he has too little experience and can't keep up with his reaction. Moreover, he is in power It's not enough to use, a lot of time can't be put in and out freely, a lot of energy is wasted, resulting in physical loss.

This summary made Diping understand more of his mistakes and gradually improved his fighting consciousness. With more and more combat experience and continuous summary and learning, he believed that he would perform better and better in the next battle.

It was quiet outside the car. It seemed that there was no sound of insects. After half an hour's rest, I drank half a bottle of water and ate two ham and a country bumpkin's Stewed egg. I felt that my physical strength was almost restored. Then I got out of the car and continued to walk towards the city.

Tomorrow, he is going to the small gathering place to rescue more than 1000 people trapped in the underground shopping mall. If he wants to follow the road, he has to go to the urban area first. He is going to the east along the outer ring of the city. Therefore, it is better to explore more roads for tomorrow.

After another kilometer, I don't know if it's good luck or bad luck. I didn't meet a mutant animal. The whole world was very quiet. The more he went, the more upset he felt. It seemed that he was the only one walking in the dense grass forest in the whole world.

The sun was already moving westward. It was almost four o'clock. Diping thought about it and prepared to go back. Today, he had already walked three or four kilometers. After walking for a while, it might be dark. At night, we should know that it is the world of wild animals. Although he is a professional soldier, he is not invincible. We should be careful.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!