Chapter 42

The three wild boars are very confident in their speed. It seems that they did not expect that dipin could easily escape and hit the vehicle on the road. Although they hit the car and fly, they could not feel well. At this time, the three wild boars were constantly shaking their heads.

"Good chance!"

When Di Ping saw this, he was overjoyed. The boar was only five or six meters away from him, which was the best distance to attack. He did not dare to neglect it. At this time, he did not want to take a shot.

"Collision!"

This time can't wait to rush up. He thought of skill collision, so he thought about it. His whole body suddenly gushed with blood, and his fascia was agitated. His body was tense like a bow, and his feet suddenly kicked on the ground. With a bang, the ground rocks were flying disorderly. However, his body changed from extremely static to extremely dynamic. It was like a streamer passing by. It seemed that the space had lost its function and remained shadow He was still in place, and man had appeared in front of the nearest wild boar. His body was slightly sideways, an elbow in front, and his elbow and half of his body hit the chest of the wild boar.

"Bang ·"

a dull sound like beating a giant drum.

"Ow ·"

with a scream, the wild boar, like being hit by a speeding train, flew ten meters away and hit a big tree on the roadside. The big trees swayed with their breath. The wild boar then slipped from the tree trunk and fell to the ground with blood flowing in its mouth and a faint hum in its nose. Its body kept twitching and collapsed on the ground 。

Di Ping was stunned for a moment. He didn't expect that the impact would be so severe that the perfect combination of speed and strength would achieve such an effect. In particular, when attacking, it seemed that the whole body's strength was concentrated on the elbow and half of the body. Such a big impact force only felt numb in the half of the body, and the Qi and blood were tumbling, but there was no injury. It seemed that this kind of strength should be applied to the defense of the body The imperial power will be greatly strengthened.

"Ao ·"

just when Diping was in a daze, two wild boars saw their accomplices being attacked and fell into a pool of blood. Their eyes were flushed with blood. They howled and rushed to di Ping to kill the man.

After the collision just now, Diping knew that his strength was really extraordinary. The giant wild boar was not at all concerned. So he was no longer afraid, and a strong sense of war rose in his heart.

"Come on

With a big drink, he rushed to two wild boars, and his eyes were full of excitement. One person and two pigs were very fast, and they were about to collide. Suddenly, Diping's body ran violently, and the whole person suddenly jumped to the ground, jumping more than two meters high, leaping over the heads of two wild boars. Di Ping's excitement does not mean that he is dizzy. Just now he was riding on the wild boar's dizziness and did not pay attention to bumping into the side. This will be true If you want to collide head-on with two wild boars, the tusks about ten centimeters long are enough for you. You are flesh and blood.

The two wild boars knew that they hit the air, and their bodies beat fiercely. Their hooves were dead on the ground, marking four marks on the ground. All the weeds on the road were plowed by two wild boars.

Then he turned around and wanted to rush back, but since Di Ping avoided, how could he have no backhand? Before the two wild boars turned back and stood firm, his body suddenly burst forward.

"Chop!"

His muscles were shaking and his strength was surging. The Han sword quickly cut out from a strange angle. The body of the sword was humming and flashing red light. It seemed that it broke through the limit of space. Thunder and lightning struck a wild boar in the neck.

"Poof"

with a slight sound of the sharp blade entering the meat, the neck of the wild boar immediately cracked a hole about feet long, and the bone could be seen deeply. For a moment, the flesh and blood turned out, and the blood gushed out like a spring. The wild boar screamed and retreated, and the blood spilled all over the ground.

"Ouch"

a wild boar nearby didn't react slowly. Seeing dipin flash to attack his accomplice, he opened his mouth and bit dipin's arm. Just looking at the wild boar's sharp teeth like a steel file, dipin's arm would be hurt if he was bitten repeatedly.

Di Ping has gradually honed his fighting style in these battles. As soon as he hit the target, he immediately withdrew. As soon as the boar bit his clothes, he had already retreated.

"Boom..."

the wild boar teeth bite together and make a huge impact sound. The strength of the force is astounding. Even steel can be bitten into two pieces. Di Ping is shocked.

"Ouch"

it seems that the pain of the wounded boar even more stimulates its ferocity. With a roar, it suddenly rushes to di Ping again.

At this time, di Ping had no time to dodge because of his unstable foothold, so he had to be brave and cut with his sword.

"Bang"

the sword is cutting the head of the wild boar, but I didn't expect that the boar's scalp was so hard. There was only a loud bang when the sword was cut, and only a white mark was cut out. The blood didn't even come out. The boar who was cut by the huge force gave a cry of pain and retreated again and again. Diping was numbed by the strong shock force. The sword was swung, and people stepped back three steps.

Di Ping didn't expect that there was such a big difference in damage between chopping and ordinary slashing. Previously, he felt that it was easy to make a wound close to a foot on the giant wild boar, but now he can't even break the defense. It seems that the skill he felt at the beginning was really very important, and it was a better use of strength.

Even back a few steps, before Diping could stand still, a wild boar roared up behind him and picked it from him with two huge fangs.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!