Chapter 45

Half an hour later, careful Diping came to the place where he fought with wild boar again. He didn't dare to walk too fast. Who knows what kind of powerful beast is hidden in the luxuriant forest, so he is vigilant all the way. However, it not only consumes spirit but also wastes time. It is impossible to walk fast.

At this time, there was only one bloodstain left in the battle area, and three wild boars were missing. However, there were still blood stains on the ground, which should be the traces of the corpse being dragged by some animal. The ground was cleaned very clean, and there was no trace of meat except blood, and the animals searching for food had long been gone.

Di Ping looked at his scalp and felt numb. These three wild boars, like tall horses, had been eaten dry for more than an hour. If not for the giant animals, they were also a group of variation animals. Looking at the boundless and boundless dark forest, it seemed that there was infinite terror. He did not dare to stay more and quickly walked towards the direction of the community.

Be careful all the way. Fortunately, the wind was calm. Until I entered the community, I didn't encounter any mutant animals. It seems that the mutant animals have been hidden. It's really hard to find them. The big snake is still hanging on the tree trunk. There is no animal to eat. Maybe it's at a higher position! Dipin thought.

When the castle appeared again in front of Diping, he suddenly felt a feeling of going home. The strong fear from the outside disappeared, followed by warmth. Looking at the family members who were still farming in the fields and the guards who did not move on the wall, he became extremely calm at this moment.

"Diego

As soon as di Ping appeared on the bridge, the watchmen on the wall found him. The gate opened slowly, and two members of the team came up to meet him, and their faces were beaming with joy.

"Nothing happened?"

Di Ping nodded. In fact, looking at the expressions on their faces, he knew that there would be no change. He just asked and felt at ease.

"All right, Dicko!"

"Good! Brothers, you should pay more attention to this

Di Ping said with a smile and a nod. His eyes were also concerned.

"It's not hard, Diego. Don't worry. We'll keep our eyes open and make sure there's no problem."

Two people immediately excited assurance way.

"Welcome back, master!"

Barton was still humble and courteous at the gate of the castle.

"Barton, have you settled down?"

Di Ping smiles and asks as he walks in.

"It's all set! It's just that the maid to serve the master has not been decided yet! "

Barton bowed behind Diping, responding as he walked, and then suddenly the conversation turned back to the question of the maid.

"Don't worry about it now. Let's talk about it later."

Di Ping's head was very big when he heard that. This was not the landlord's rich age, and there were maid servants. If you want to make a maid yourself, you want to enjoy it before you can guarantee your safety. It's not far away from death, so she quickly interrupts Barton's words.

Barton seemed to feel that dipin was not happy and didn't want to talk about this topic. He followed him silently until he sent him to the main tower of the city, served him into the bathroom and got his clothes ready. Then he went downstairs to do his own business. Although there were not many people in the castle, there were many things.

Lying in the pool, soaking in the warm water, Diping felt that his pores were comfortable to cry out. His fatigue seemed to be washed away by the gentle water. He thought that the system was really good. It was really good to have such a good comfort. If you are not careful, you will sink into it.

"The system converts all crystal cores into crystal coins!"

Di Ping didn't forget what his mission was today, that is to collect crystal cores to recruit heroes. He really didn't want to go out alone. Facing a quiet world, he was so miserable that he didn't even have a bug to bark at. He scolded him in his heart.

"Di 路路路路 three crystal nuclei were exchanged and four crystal coins were obtained"

"Hoo"

Di Ping breathed out a long breath. Just now, he was very nervous. He was afraid that the energy of these three crystal nuclei was not enough. If he could only replace them with three, and the remaining one was only four before, it was not enough to recruit level D heroes. Fortunately, he did not let himself down. He really changed out four and added them On their own original one is exactly five, which is enough to recruit a d-level potential hero.

In fact, he doesn't want to recruit higher-level ones, but there is no crystal money, isn't it?

In addition, he has a feeling that he may be limited to the misunderstanding of the game. In the game, the d-level hero can be said to be the worst hero at the bottom. Basically, no player will recruit this kind of hero. But don't forget that this is a reality. It is very difficult to open the potential. Most people are ordinary people. This d-level potential hero should not be too bad.

Today, di Ping has this idea. In fact, to put it bluntly, he still has no money in his hand. If he didn't look up to grade D, at least he would have to be above grade B.

Poor people have to have the thinking of poor people. After careful calculation, they can think carefully. Suddenly, this idea comes into being. As soon as this idea comes into being, he can't stop rushing in his mind. There is a strong experimental idea. Whether it is correct or not, it has to be verified by ourselves. Anyway, he has ten heroes, and now he has only one. It is a waste and not frightening.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!