Chapter 48

"I was called up by the master and agreed to the contract, and then I fainted. I woke up and came to the master. I don't know how it came from!"

To di Ping's disappointment, Gina shook her head and said, as if she didn't know the process of coming here.

"But

At this time, Gina seemed to think of something, and the wind changed.

"But what?"

Di Ping thought that Gina remembered something and asked quickly.

"However, I seem to have learned a lot of things, including the language of the host here and some skills that I didn't learn when I was in college."

Gina is confused at first, seems to be recalling something, and then suddenly very excited to say.

Diping patted his head with black lines on his head. It seems impossible to get too much information from Gina. It's just that it can be proved that these people are all living human beings, but human beings from different planets don't know how the system can bring these people to the earth, and then become their own recruitment heroes. It's just that I don't need to know As long as these people can help themselves.

In the subsequent exchanges, dipin knew what kind of planet Sade was. Like the earth, the planet also had science and technology. There were cars and trains on the ground, airplanes in the sky, and satellites in the sky. It seemed that science and technology were much better than the earth. He had begun the preliminary development of near earth planets, but the earth believed that it would develop into near earth planets in several decades Development, so the difference is not too far away, to say the only difference is that the planet has magic and martial arts, and has become an indispensable part of people.

The school of magic and martial arts is just like the ordinary schools on earth. Culture is no longer the main subject. The most important subject is the teaching of various magic and martial arts. Culture and other disciplines can only be regarded as minor subjects. Moreover, senior magicians or martial arts masters are even more powerful to fly away from the earth. Therefore, science and technology are only auxiliary means, and continuous development of human potential is Everyone is after it.

On this planet, magicians and martial arts masters are more noble and superior, and the highest power of the planet is in the hands of these people. Everyone hopes to become a great magician or martial master. Gina has just developed her potential and become a respected wizard.

She was originally an orphan, but as soon as she was confirmed to have opened her d-level mage potential, she entered the university to study magic knowledge.

Although level D is not high, it is also extraordinary. It is extremely difficult to realize that the potential can be opened. That is to say, only one person in 10000 people can reach the potential opening. It is conceivable that level D is so rare that it can become the object that everyone envies.

Just one year after entering school, Gina learned the most basic magic knowledge, learned primary meditation, and passed on her first skill fireball. She happily went into the mountains to try to hunt and kill exotic animals. As a result, a few children who did not know the nature of the team ventured into the wild land of mutant animals. They met high-level exotic animals and fled to death. However, she was lucky to hide in a mountain She escaped a robbery in the cave, but she was left alone. She lost her way in the mountain and went out. There were countless powerful mutant animals outside. If no one rescued her, she would not be far away from death.

All of a sudden, a voice told her that as long as she was a follower, she could not only live, but also learn more profound knowledge and enter into a higher level of cultivation.

She was happy to know that being a follower of a strong man on this planet is not only a loss of personnel, but also a very glorious thing, because many profound things can't be learned in colleges. Good meditation skills and powerful skills are in the hands of some big families. Ordinary people don't want to learn them at all. If they become followers of powerful families, they will have the opportunity to learn these knowledge Can you not be happy to know her?

So she was very happy to agree. After she agreed, she suddenly fell into a coma, woke up again and came here. At the same time, she did learn some skills and some knowledge that she had not learned.

What she doesn't know is that the system is sleeping. When it injects some knowledge into her, it also imperceptibly joins in the absolute obedience to dipin. Although they have the same planet, once they become followers of others, they can't betray in their whole life. Once they betray, they will end up miserable. Following the contract has a soul imprint. To prevent betrayal, it's just that the system injects more hegemony, If you disobey and wait, you will die.

From the chat, we learned that Gina was just 19 years old, just equivalent to many girls on the earth who just went to college.

It's just that dipin heard Gina's age roll her eyes, and he said in his heart that it's too early to develop, right? Looking at Gina's chest, straight legs and mature and charming face, it looks like 19 years old, simple and straight is a trap, I think maybe Sade women mature early! It can only be explained in this way.

They talked for nearly two hours, and then dipine told Barton to arrange for Gina to live on the third floor. Now there are only one resident on the third floor: Gina, a new sorceress, and Buji the barbarian.

On the third floor, di Ping decided to arrange only professionals or senior management of the base. Now there are few people in the base, and there is no clear division of labor. So he asked Li Sheng and the fat man to live on the second floor. Once their responsibilities are clear, the third floor will have to be opened up, which can be regarded as a kind of welfare!

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!