Chapter 60

"Lao lie, there seems to be no movement?"

Yue lie and Liu Han hid behind the shelf and did not dare to move. After waiting for more than a minute, they did not hear anything outside. Liu Han couldn't hold back. They looked out and whispered to Yue lie.

"You can be more careful about this goods, heart quickly let you scare out!"

Yue lie used his finger to connect Liu Han's waist and his eyes.

"Ha ha... Accident, accident, all accidents!"

Liu Han also knew that he was almost in trouble. Embarrassed, he touched his head and said with a smile.

"I'm so hungry. I'll have some more. I nearly choked just now."

Liu Han felt that there should be no danger. He took a bag of bread from the shelf and opened it with a crash. He looked like a starving ghost.

"You are hopeless! We can't wait. We don't know what's going on outside! Hey, can't you slow down? Stop choking again

Yue lie looked at Liu Han, who was swallowing, but was helpless for a moment, so he had to remind him in a low voice.

"There is this!"

Liu Han shook the mineral water bottle in his hand, and his mouth was full of bread.

Yue lie had nothing to say about his best brother. He was very scared. He was a man of great spirit. He remembered that when he was in University, he talked about a girlfriend. It was called love, but he was dumped by his girlfriend. He was sad to cry! It's really sad to hear and see.

the brothers in the bedroom saw that this guy was really sad. When he cried like this, they wanted to take him out for a drink. As soon as he heard the wine, the cry stopped immediately. Smiling, he took a group of petrified brothers to drink. You didn't see his hi at the wine table. God couldn't help it, and he got drunk the next day Happy to go to play, it seems that yesterday's crying dizzy dark is not his kind.

From then on, these brothers knew that the goods were so thick that they could not add anything. No one would argue with them. Because you can't care about such people. If you want to fight and kill today, you may have to take your brother to drink tomorrow.

Yuelie is also hungry. In the base, he can only get one or two loaves of bread a day. He can eat enough, but his stomach is empty all the time. He has been hungry for two days. His heart is close to his back, and his legs are soft. When he was scared, he forgot that he was hungry. At this time, when he saw Liu Han's delicious food, he grabbed a piece of bread and put it into his mouth.

But they don't know. Although the conversation just now was light, it was really heard by Di Ping, who carefully walked to the glass door and listened attentively. To know that dipin's ear strength has been strengthened a lot, he could hear a mouse running past a farthest place in the supermarket, not to mention the voice of two big men.

Gina followed Diping, but she didn't look into the supermarket. Instead, she kept her eyes on the street, guarding the back for him. But she also heard it really. You know, the strongest thing about a mage is his mental strength. Although she can't do spiritual outward, her super spirit makes his hearing far exceed that of ordinary people. Maybe not under Diping, she also listens to the supermarket It's clean.

They look at each other quickly. Diping makes a wink and asks Gina to stay outside. When he goes in, Gina also gives a look back to show that he understands. Diping gently lifts his feet and moves to the supermarket. He takes his steps lightly, like a civet cat. He doesn't dare to walk too fast for fear of disturbing the people inside.

"Hula..."

Yue lie and Liu Han were eating bread with one mouthful, and they were very happy. They even winked at each other from time to time. They completely forgot the danger. Di Ping's footstep was very light, and it was hard to hear them. What's more, the two were eating beautiful food until a sword with cold light stretched out in front of them, and the two immediately choked.

Looking at the shining sword and the man with the sword in front of him, both of them were scared out!

This man is too frightening. There seems to be a kind of visible murderous spirit on his body. He is so cold that his hands and feet are numb. He is so scared that he can't hold some bread in his mouth. However, both of them dare not move, and the bread and water in his hands fall to the ground with a clatter.

"Big... Big... Big brother! I... I, I, I, we'll eat... Eat some bread, give... Money! "

Liu Han looked pale and stammered. He took Diping as the owner of the shop. He thought that he had eaten some bread, but he could not pay for it!

"Brother, we're just looking for something to eat, not bad guys!"

Yue lie is obviously stronger than Liu Han. Although his voice is a little shaky, he still speaks fluently.

"What's your name? Why are you here?"

Di Ping also saw that the two men were dressed like students, and they were unarmed and plain. He believed that they did not look like evil people. Then he hung down and pointed to their swords and asked.

"This big brother, my name is Yue lie, his name is Liu Han, we are all university students, the end of the world came, hiding in this neighborhood, too hungry to come out to find something to eat!"

Yue lie stopped his trembling voice, and his voice became more stable. He wiped the crumbs from the corner of his mouth with his hand and answered dipin's question."Just the two of you?"

Di Ping immediately put down the sword, but the spirit did not relax, staring at the two people, want to see something unusual from their expressions.

"There were ten people, but now we are the two of us!"

Liu Yue's face was still gloomy when he heard this.

"It's not easy to survive in the end of the world! Those who live must be strong and live on! "

Di Ping then sighed and comforted him that he had experienced life and death. He saw too many people born and died, and he killed himself. He understood the pain of looking at the death of the people around him. After seeing the two people's faces look better, he said.

"Can you tell me what happened?"

"What can't be said! People die, too

Yue said with a deep sense of helplessness.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!