Chapter 58

Di Ping takes back his eyes from Gina, opens the system interface again, and clicks on the pub icon. He wants to see whether the new hero of the pub has been refreshed.

Click on the hero recruitment interface again and take a look at it. As expected, the hero has been refreshed. At this time, di Ping has understood the system rules. The hero recruitment is refreshed once a day, and the time should be after 12:00 midnight. Because it was nearly 11:00 last night when he went to sleep, he also looked at the hero that had not changed, but it had changed at this time, and the previous two times were the same You will know the system refresh rules.

The three heroes line up, and they are all d-level heroes. However, at this time, di Ping has given up the original view. In the game, level D is the weakest. However, Gina, the female mage, has subverted his cognition, and the potential of level D is quite strong.

Although Di Ping knew that D-class was not weak, but who didn't want better one if there was a good one. Don't be silly to ask for d-level?

Maybe Diping is not lucky today. This refresh is all D, and there is no C. for a moment, di Ping is a little annoyed and worried about whether to refresh. If you want to refresh, you will get a crystal coin!

It's not easy for me to get some, but I can't use it indiscriminately.

However, in the end, Diping did not give up and made a refresh.

As soon as the golden light flashed, the interface became blurred. The three heroes gradually faded and disappeared. However, three heroes gradually emerged in the flicker and became more and more clear. Until the golden light disappeared, the three heroes completely appeared in the system interface.

"Shit!"

Di Ping scolded angrily. As expected, there were still three D levels in the system. Di Ping scolded and scolded, but he didn't dare to refresh it. He would have got five crystal coins once more. Now he has only 15 crystal coins in total. It's really easy for good heroes to cry when they are used up.

"Forget it!"

Di Ping sighed helplessly. He turned off the system. Sometimes he had to have his life! He felt very open-minded.

"Gina! Ready to go

Pack up the next backpack, looking at the bedside sit breathing Gina Diping quietly say hello.

"Good master

Gina's eyes opened suddenly when she heard pipin's voice. She laughed and jumped out of bed.

Diping opened the small door and explored the outside without any abnormality. Then he went out of the house and took a deep breath of the fresh air outside. His whole body was very comfortable. The sun was shining outside and the green trees were overcast! It would have been better if it wasn't for the end of the world, Diping thought in her heart. She just knew it was a delusion, and she shook her head and left with Gina.

This time was very smooth. The road was quiet and there was no change. The sun had already risen high, and the fire came down from the sky, burning the earth. Fortunately, there were many trees and dense forests, and the temperature was not high. Diping didn't feel too exposed to the sun when walking under the trees. They were very fast. They had already walked four or five kilometers from the cabin. The time was only 9:30, and they were getting closer and closer to the destination.

It should have been the hottest season, but it's not hot at all. When the wind blows, it's cool and tight. As long as it's not directly exposed to the sun, I can't feel the burning feeling. I look back at Gina who is closely following her. Although she is covered with a master's robe, her face is as smooth as jade, and there is no sweat stain. It seems that she hasn't gone this way.

"Gina, tired or not, take a rest?"

Dipin thought that Gina was a woman after all, so it was better to ask. It was man's duty to care about women!

"Master, I'm not tired!"

Gina heard Diping inquiry, immediately show Yan a smile, soft voice back.

"Motherfucker!"

Di Ping looked at Gina, who was born with a smile. Her heart leaped again. A fire rose from her abdomen. Her face changed and she quickly suppressed it. She turned back and scolded herself in her heart. It seems that the mood problem is affecting her more and more seriously. This upgrade is too reckless.

Before the power has not been fully controlled, it has been improved again. Is it still playing games?

Just now, even walking was light. Sometimes it was heavy and sometimes light. I didn't prepare for it, and my strength leaked out seriously. Fortunately, it took a few kilometers to calculate how good it was.

When Gina saw dipin's reaction, she secretly covered her mouth behind him and laughed. Her big eyes bent into a lovely crescent moon, and a wave of seduction spread out. But Diping didn't know all of this. If she knew that the little girl was intentional, she had to deal with her. He was trying to calm her already agitated mood!

Look at Gina when you have time, and he has to dare to see it!

They had no more words. Diping didn't dare to look back. The master didn't speak. Gina didn't dare to say anything. So they went on silently. After another kilometer of Ring Road, they finally finished. The rest of the road was in the city.

Although this is a new area, it has been developed for more than ten years. There are high-rise buildings on both sides of the road, and the danger increases greatly. There are buildings on both sides of the road. There may be mutant animals rushing out at any time, so we can't be as casual as before.

Both sides of the city are also planted with landscape trees. After mutation, they grow into big trees in the sky. The tree body is thick enough to be held by two or three people. The strong root system destroys the road surface. The cement is broken and uplifted, but it is stronger than that in the suburbs. The grass grows tenaciously among the bricks on the sidewalk.There are two green belts on both sides of the street. There are a lot of traffic accidents on the street. Some of them have been burned into skeletons, and blood stains can be seen from time to time. However, there are no bodies found. The shops on both sides have open doors, and there are broken glass on the ground. It's just quiet and frightening. There is no human being, except Diping.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!