Chapter 54

The closer the group of bunting flies in the sky, they will arrive at the top of their heads immediately. Di Ping keeps an eye on this group of variant bunting. Although these bunting have changed, they still keep the tradition of flying in the sky, changing various formations, whistling whistling.

Di Ping also can not judge whether these bunting will be very aggressive, be careful or not.

"Master, be careful!"

Just as Diping was staring at the bunting in the sky, suddenly, a cry of surprise came from behind him. He was so nervous that he quickly withdrew his eyes. A white shadow flashed out of the grass on the road and ran straight to himself.

If you don't want to think about it, you can't think about it at such a short distance. In the blink of an eye, a cold light has approached his face. It's too late to wield his sword. His instinctive reaction is that di Ping is a short man, and a lazy donkey rolls around on the spot. His body drips and rolls about five or six meters away.

although this is not good-looking, it is not used by great Xia in martial arts novels, However, it can not be denied that it is really easy to use. This roll just escaped. The mutant bunting attacked a rolling man and rolled out a few meters to widen the distance from the enemy.

At this time, dipin had already pushed himself to the ground, and his white T-shirt was covered with dust, which made him angry. Today, he almost capsized in the gutter. If Gina hadn't reminded him that he had to hit the target, he seemed to have been careless, which made his face a little red, his heart even more angry, and his eyes sharply swept to the white shadow.

It turned out to be a white cat. It was nearly meters long, bigger than some adult dogs. It was a little tiger. At this time, he looked at di Ping with half squinting eyes. His eyes flashed with blood, his body half bowed, and his hair all over his body was blown open. It seemed that he was ready to launch an attack at any time

Di Ping thought a move, an inspector threw the past, immediately a message revealed.

"Mutant cat: blood level: none, talent skill: none, enhancement level: zero, skill: None"

"dead cat seeks death!"

When Di Ping saw the curse, an ordinary mutant cat who had not even opened its potential and had not yet advanced dared to attack himself. How could he not let himself get angry and draw out his long sword with a staggering sound, and was ready to chop the white cat to death.

"Meow..."

it seems that the white cat is also angry. The attack that is sure to be successful has failed. Usually, it is a good hunter. Today, this disgrace must be taken back. So, with a low roar, he rushed to di Ping first.

"I don't know how to live or die!"

Di Ping secretly scolded, raised his legs and prepared to rush up and kill the wild cat who did not know the height of the sky and the thickness of the soil.

"Bang..."

suddenly, there was a burst of fire in front of Diping, and the mutant cat was hit by a big fist fireball shot by a group of lightning from behind Diping in mid air. The fireball immediately wrapped the white cat into a larger ball of fire.

"Meow..."

there was a shrill scream from the fireball, and the fireball suddenly fell to the ground.

The white cat kept rolling on the ground in an attempt to extinguish the flame, but it was all in vain. The fire was burning more and more vigorously, making a crackling sound, and the white cat made a terrible roar.

However, no matter how he rolled, the flame was as poisonous as tarsal bones. Hard work stuck to it and could not be thrown off. However, the white cat's voice became weaker and weaker. After more than ten seconds, the white cat stopped struggling, and the flame slowly dissipated, revealing a mass of black things on the ground and a smell of roast meat.

"Damn it!"

Diping stupidly watched the ground turn into a black carbon white cat barbecue, heart a thousand head of running!

This is the mage?

This is the d-level potential that the most delicious person in the game dislikes the dog?

how strong he is!

Dee Ping, who is better than the fire master in his heart, is better than the fire master.

"Gudong"

swallowing his saliva, he looked back at Gina with an unbelievable face. He saw that Gina was full of solemnity, a small hand was stretched out, the palm was slightly open, facing the direction of white cat. He was extremely handsome. There was a frenzy in dipin's eyes, and he was about to drool.

"Ah! Master

Gina, who had a serious face, seemed to feel the gaze of Diping's eyes. Looking up at him, she found that Diping's face was envious and full of fire. Suddenly, she was nervous. Her face was red, and she drew back her hand and exclaimed in surprise.

"Zina!"

Di Ping heard the voice of Gina, which just woke up from the wishful thinking, and quickly wiped the saliva that might flow out of the corner of his mouth and looked at Gina way.

"Well, master!"

Gina said softly, her face still red.

"You're great!"

Di Ping pointed up her big finger and praised Gina. It was true that Gina was very good. She didn't remind herself just now that she might have hit the trick. Moreover, the follow-up reaction was also perfect, and there was no need to do it yourself.

"Thank you, master!"Gina's eyes opened and she seemed embarrassed again. His face was even redder. He bowed his head and gently said thanks to di Ping.

"Di... Found the soul energy, and harvested 6 energy points"

it was another 6 points of soul energy. Only from knowing the role of the soul energy, di Ping looked at the variation beasts, which were all a group of energy and a crystal coin. He was almost a financial fan.

"Coo..."

suddenly, there was a cluttering sound in the sky.

"Broken!"

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!