Chapter 51

After a night's silence, dipin woke up at about six o'clock in the morning. At this time, he was used to his usual biological clock. He would wake up at six o'clock. After a sleep, he felt relaxed and full of strength. His bones clattered and clattered between his hands. His powerful strength filled his whole body, which gave him a kind of confidence to look at the world.

It seems that a mountain in front of him can blow up with one blow and kill an ox with one punch. It is also a matter of minutes for the current force to kill an ox. his powerful strength makes him want to rush out and look for a change now The mutant is fighting for a turn.

However, at this time, dipin simply did some physical exercises. With the rapid growth of his strength, he could not control his own strength perfectly. Several teacups had been crushed by him. These simple exercises can make him more quickly familiar with his own strength and control the power as soon as possible. He was really distressed before. Find this Methods, the effect is obvious, now will not casually crush the tea cup, but do as you like, fine and subtle still has a long way to go.

··············

"Diego, be careful

"Digo, be safe!"

At more than seven o'clock in the morning, a group of people gathered at the gate of the castle, and dipin was surrounded in the middle. Everyone looked at him with indifference and worry. It was dipin who set out with Gina, and these people gathered to see him off.

"Well! All right! If you don't go far away, you may come back in one day! Don't worry

Di Ping is most afraid of such a farewell scene. It seems that he will not return once he goes. Looking at the eyes of the people, he is also astringent. He quickly smiles and waves his hand to stop people.

"Come with me, Diego."

At this time, the fat man's eyes were full of gratitude and expectation.

"Come on, fat man, don't be like a woman. Just keep your home."

Di Ping is also a little moved. Although the fat man is a little timid, he is sincere to people, so he patted the fat man on the shoulder and said with a smile.

"Cheng Chao, you are the most stable here. You should take care of this place when I am gone."

Looking at Cheng Chao, di Ping sincerely said that although others have left, they are really worried here, and Cheng Chao is not bad. After investigation these days, he is a person who can shoulder heavy responsibilities. Among these people, Chengchao is the most stable and leading person. With him, he can feel more at ease.

"Don't worry, Diego. I'll do my best!"

Cheng Chao's body stood at attention and looked at di Ping's promise seriously.

"By the way, team training to keep up with, safety is more important, don't be careless!"

Di Ping seems to think of something again and tells Cheng Chao again.

"Yes

Cheng Chao is another salute with firm and powerful tone.

"Boogie, if you want to stay, you must obey the arrangement of elder brother Cheng, and make sure the safety here!"

After the establishment of Cheng Chao's temporary leadership, di Ping turned to look at Buji carrying the fire axe and arranged that di Ping couldn't get a weapon for Buji. Let's use this axe first!

"It's the master!"

The barbarian Buji is very simple. His face is simple and honest, and his voice is as thick as a bell.

Di Ping felt that there was nothing to arrange. Barton would be in charge of the castle. The tavern was not open to the public now. Wu An could handle it. There were more things on the manor. But I believe that derin, the system delivery manager, is not a problem. Besides, he has arranged Lao Luo to help him, so he can only share some things for derin.

Her eyes swept over Yu Shujie, who was looking at her eagerly, di Ping gave a reassuring look, while the other three women, di Ping, just glanced at her and didn't show much. After all, these three people didn't know each other very well and didn't need to express much.

Di Ping took Gina, the female mage, to set out, until their backs were completely hidden by trees. A few people slowly came back to their minds and walked slowly to the castle. They didn't speak. It was only from the public's expressions that they seemed to have lost their souls as soon as dipin left, as if some pillars were missing.

It's no wonder that these people usually rely on Diping for everything, so they don't have to think about anything at all. As long as there are Diping in a few people, they feel dependent and have a backbone. Today, when Diping leaves, several people immediately feel uncomfortable.

However, this is a good thing. Before the end of the world, these people are not petite. They just have to rely on the strong to survive. They usually do what Di Ping does, how they accept it, and some of them lose their self. Now that di Ping leaves, these people can grow up quickly and become their real helpers instead of being arranged The answer to the question.

There are two flowers, one for each. Let's not talk about these people. Let's see dipin and Gina.

Diping took Gina out of the community and went all the way south on the road. It was more than ten kilometers from here to the rescue site. Di Ping did not calculate the specific distance, but it must be more than 15 kilometers. Usually, Diping also drove through this place, first along the road, five kilometers to the city, then all the way to the East, and finally to the underground shopping mall, that is, gathering A small base with thousands of people.The sun has risen, and the red sun shines on the road through the leaves. The grass leaves are still shining with dew. The slight morning wind blows, and it is cold. It is not like the temperature in summer.

Because I had just explored the road yesterday, it was much faster to walk. It took only about 20 minutes to walk two kilometers. When I came to the van where I had been resting before, I didn't find a mutant animal all the way. It seems that the animals have not yet got up or just returned to their nest to rest.

Gina was wearing a black windbreaker and her head was tightly covered. She only showed half of her white face. She seemed to have entered into the role of a follower. Her eyes were sharp and she swept around from time to time. She was not the weak little girl when Di Ping met. Her dark blue eyes, quick flashing, seemed to have all kinds of blue lightning shooting out It seems that she can't escape any movement around her. Her face is taut and tight, and her expression is serious and focused. It doesn't look like a student who has just entered the school of magic. Instead, it looks like a mature veteran. It seems that the products of the system are not bad, dipin thought.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!