Chapter 53

"Zina!"

Diping took a few breaths, and then slowly calmed down his excited mood. At this time, he thought of Gina. Looking at Gina who was held by himself, she seemed to be a little confused. She called softly.

"Master

Gina woke up from her confusion and looked at her holding her. She was in a panic. Her face was red, and she called softly.

"Is Gina OK?"

At this time, di Ping released his arm and asked.

"Master, I'm fine! Gina is too useless to protect her master

Gina regained her body and looked at Diping with a lost face. Her voice was full of remorse.

"Ha ha! Zina! Believe me, we will be stronger and stronger, and this eagle will come to stew

Di Ping Ha ha ha a smile, looking at Gina is full of heroic said.

"Well!"

Gina seems to be shocked by the heroism of Diping. Her face is red and her head is bowed. Her voice is like a mosquito and fly. At this moment, it seems that the little girl's soul goes back to her body.

"Let's go!"

Looking at the shy and bowed Gina's head, the demon charm on her body immediately radiated like the tide, the white and reddish face and the slender willow waist.

Is it still open navel?

White flowers a photo of people's eyes, di Ping almost a mouthful of old blood spurt.

"Split! Old life

When dipin's eyes swept over Gina's high slit skirt, showing her long white thighs, Diping called out to die. He felt the blood gushing all over his body, and it seemed that he was about to gush out of his nose. At the same time, it seemed that weeds were growing rapidly in his heart.

"No way!"

Di Pingmeng bit the tip of his tongue. The pain made him wake up immediately. At this time, he was still thinking about this. It seems that Dingli is getting worse and worse.

Forced to turn his face and no longer look at Gina, he quickly breathed a few mouthfuls, which calmed the breath down.

"What's the matter with you, master?"

At this time, Gina seems to see that di Ping is different, soft voice concern way.

"Nothing! However, it seems that Di's head has not been broken out of his teeth.

"Oh

Gina Oh, look a little confused, but still in the back to keep up with the pace of dipin, thinking about the master, this is what? After all, she is still very young. Although she knows about men and women, she is still very hazy. What's more, she doesn't know how powerful she is.

Both of them did not speak. Diping didn't dare to turn back now. He walked forward stiffly. For a while, he completely calmed down!

But then he found a problem. He just controlled his emotions, but he didn't notice that he walked very fast. He could see that the elevated road in front of him was not far away. Actually, nothing happened.

Seems too calm?

Suddenly, a flash of light flashed in his mind. He thought that the line just now was the place where the eagle had flown. With the momentum of the giant eagle, no mutant animal dared to stay on the line. Diping was very happy. God helped himself!

The viaduct, which used to be full of traffic, stands quietly at this time, just like the statue which has been standing for thousands of years. In loneliness, it is still full of independence (of course, this is ghost talk!).

It's OK under the viaduct. The holly trees planted in the middle don't grow too big, and they're only five or six meters high. Although they're lush, they can't cover the road surface yet.

on both sides of the road are landscape trees, Magnolia grandiflora, which was not big at the beginning of the seedling, only a child's arm is thick, but now it only grows to the bowl mouth, which is no more than ten meters high. The roots can't damage the hardened concrete pavement, and the road surface is bi di The road in front of pingxiaoqu is much better.

If you can drive, you can drive if you want to die. The sound of the engine is simple in such a quiet world. It makes no difference to shout the mutant animals with the loudspeaker.

Di Ping, who wanted to walk on the elevated bridge deck, suddenly thought that the eagle who had just passed by still had no courage to walk in the open air without shelter. He would rather walk down!

There are not many abandoned vehicles under the viaduct. When it comes to the urban area, there is not much traffic flow at night. When the end of the world comes, only a few fast-moving vehicles collide and are scattered on the road. Fortunately, the road is not blocked.

"Chirp!"

At this time, suddenly a whistle came from the sky, just like the whistling of a babbler, which was heard from afar.

"Hide

On hearing this, di Ping immediately took Gina to hide under the Magnolia by the roadside. The broad leaves of Magnolia just can block the sight of the sky, and the half height grass under the tree just covers the body.

"Chirp!"

As the whistle got closer and closer, Diping looked up and saw a flock of birds flying out of the city. On closer inspection, there were about 20 or 30 birds flying fast.

"Bunny?"

This group of birds is very fast, soon from the city to fly over, a closer look, di Ping recognized this is a bunny?

However, if we say that this is a bunny, because it is a bit big, almost like a wild duck, its head is two times bigger than before. At this time, its mouth is about 56 cm long, and it has a barb in front of it. If it is sharper, it is an eagle's beak."Motherfucker!"

Di Ping scolded secretly,

a few days ago, he was still thinking about how he couldn't hear the sound of birds every morning. He thought that all the birds were dead. What a crow's mouth? What kind of bird do you want?

These birds don't appear now. They just can't accept the way they show up. For example, the super Eagle just now, you say that the plane must be believed by some people, and the pheasant sized bunting is swarming. Who knows if it will eat enough food and want to eat meat?

However, with the strong aggressiveness of all the animals that have been seen since the end of the world, these babblers are definitely not peace messengers.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!