Chapter 59

The normally noisy streets are silent, as if human beings disappear from the city overnight. A gust of wind blows, and the garbage bags on the ground roll with the wind. A rustling sound rings in the sky and earth, and echoes between buildings, giving people a desolate feeling of prosperity.

"Gina, be careful!"

Di Ping did not return to the head of Gina.

This kind of environment makes him feel hairy at the bottom of his heart. It seems that they are walking on the barren land. A desolate and dead silence envelops them tightly, which makes people gasp.

"It's the master!"

Gina also knows that this is not the time to play, but also a serious tone of response, careful observation of eye vigilance.

Looking at the location of the underground shopping mall on the map, it should be less than three kilometers away. He believes that as long as you are careful on the road, there should be no problem.

With a long sword in his hand, Qiu Ping walked forward carefully. His eyes swept around him sharply from time to time. His ears stood up to listen to the movement around him. He threw the scabbard. He thought the scabbard was too troublesome in the first World War. He still wanted to learn how to be handsome in martial arts movies, but it was really not practical.

"Hula!"

as they walked through a supermarket, a sudden burst of glass shattering came from the supermarket. In this quiet environment, the sound was extremely harsh, which made Diping jump. They looked at each other quickly. One by one, they hid behind the big tree and looked at the supermarket.

The supermarket is not big. There are only three doors in the supermarket, and all of them use floor to floor glass windows. There is no light in the supermarket, and it is very bright. Di Ping carefully moves to the door and looks inside. At this time, there is no sound in the supermarket. All the shelves are more than one person high, which block the sight strictly and can not see the situation inside.

··········

Yue lie was originally a member of the food collection team of the underground base. There were ten members in the team, and they had been out for two or three times. Each time, the harvest was good, and there was no mistake. This second time he went out to collect food, he thought it would be OK, but there was still an accident.

When each of them returned to the underground base with a big bag of food on their back, they were attacked by several mutant dogs when they arrived at the mall square. The three people walking in front of them were knocked down on the ground and bitten by the mutant dogs without any reaction time.

Several people immediately turned around and ran wildly. There were two or three people who were scared to be stupid. Their legs were shaking, their eyes were straight and their mouth was shaking. They were so stiff that they didn't know how to run. At this time, who could take care of them? They ran like crazy. They were afraid that they would be caught up by the mutant dogs.

Yue lie was one of the quick reaction. Liu Han, who was frightened by his side, turned around and ran away. Liu Han was pulled by Yue lie and ran in a hurry.

At this time, a fierce barking of dogs came up one after another. This is why more than a dozen mutant dogs came from various dark places when they heard the news. Those who didn't run at this time also reacted late. They were immediately chased up by the mutant dogs. A burst of blood spatter and screams stopped.

Some mutant dogs didn't participate in the attack, but they chased after the fleeing people. These people were scared and ran like crazy. Listening to the screams from time to time, these people wanted their parents to have two more legs.

It's just how their speed can compare with these mutated dogs. The mutant dogs soon catch up with the two laggards. Several mutant dogs rush up, and the shrieking sound comes.

"Run

Yue lie didn't even dare to return his head. He gave a violent drink to the remaining four people and ran forward quickly!

Fortunately, this boy has good physical strength. He is a good runner in the University. This acceleration surpasses all the others. He is ahead of the others and runs faster and faster. Liu Han is the only one behind him. He likes playing basketball and also accelerates to keep up with him.

The other two are white-collar workers. They usually have physical labor. They are out of breath after just running a few steps, not to mention speeding up. They only turn pale with fear. They run more and more slowly. They yell in the back and wait for me.

Yuelie and Yue lie ran through a corner, which was nearly 50 meters away from the two behind. At this time, two screams came. He knew that the two people in the back had not run away. They had already run around. They dared to look back. They just saw a hotel door open, two pairs of eyes, and rushed into the room. Then they found the stairs and ran upstairs to find a room to hide.

But in fact, they did not know that when the mutant dog pushed down the last two people, it was also the last two to follow. The red eyed mutant dog seemed to have forgotten them at all, just like they were, biting the two people on the ground crazily, and let them escape a disaster.

Yue lie and Liu Han didn't know this. They hid in the hotel and didn't dare to go out. So they hid for a day. At last, they were so hungry that they dared to come out of the room to look for food. However, the hotel had been swept away for a long time and didn't even leave a hair!

Can't they starve to death?

After several explorations, it was found that the mutant dog didn't seem to come after him, so he dared to go downstairs and find something to eat.

How many people have swept this area for a long time, and there is nothing to eat. They have to walk far away. At last, they found that no one has patronized a supermarket. So they opened the door. When they saw the food on the shelf, they were hungry and ate bread on the shelf. But Liu Han ate too fast and choked. He was eager to take water and accidentally touched it off A glass pot on the shelf.There's a crash of the glass pot!

This can frighten two people, if this big voice is heard by the mutant animal, immediately two people are afraid of the atmosphere.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!