Chapter 57

Think of upgrading Diping feel afraid, before upgrading that kind of pain let him palpitation, but in order to strength, he can not, in pain also have to rise! With a strong fear in mind, confirmed the upgrade.

Close your eyes and wait for the pain to come. After a few seconds, a mass of energy rises from the body.

This warm energy rises from the depth of the body like a stream of water. It turns into a warm current and wanders all over the body. Every time I pass by, my body starts to feel hot and hot. I feel itchy and numb. When the energy flows through the meridians, it will be like acupuncture, but it is not very painful. It is a little numb.

When the energy flows to the bone, the bone will click and make a sound, which seems to become stronger, and then flow to the skin. The skin and flesh are tight. It seems that every cell is making a sound of satisfaction. It quickly becomes denser and stronger.

What's more, di Ping was surprised that he didn't have the pain of last time. Although he felt a little uncomfortable, he could bear it completely. That kind of comfortable feeling made him a little intoxicated. It was so cool!

But the energy came and went quickly. Half a minute later, the energy didn't dissipate, and finally went straight to the position of Qihai Dantian along the Du meridian. Di Ping felt the heat of the Qi sea rising and expanding outward, accompanied by acupuncture like pain. The whole abdomen seemed to be broken by acupuncture, and the intense pain made him uncomfortable.

Di Ping snorted, and the sweat on his head came down. Fortunately, the pain disappeared in just a few seconds, and the energy also slowly floated down.

"How are you, master?"

Di Ping breathed a breath, and then wiped the sweat on his head. Just now, it was like a year. At this time, Gina had already found out that Diping was in a condition and had left the bed. At this time, she was standing in front of him and looking at him with concern.

"I'm ok!"

Di Ping slumped in his chair, panting, as if he had not recovered from the pain just now.

"It will be very painful for the master to return to Dantian for the first time!"

At this time, Gina took out a handkerchief and carefully wiped the sweat on dipin's forehead.

"How do you know?"

On hearing this, di Ping immediately exclaimed. He grabbed Zina's hand and asked nervously. How does Jina know that she is angry to Dantian? Can she see it? At this time, Diping is very surprised.

"Master, you hurt me!"

Gina's face suddenly changed, her eyebrows wrinkled tightly, and she looked at Diping in pain.

"Oh! Sorry, I was so surprised just now! "

Di Ping quickly let go of his hand. He knew his strength. He didn't care about it. The girl with jinajiao could be grasped by his big steel hand.

"I have seen the elder martial brothers of the warrior profession return to Danhai in the college. The teachers who were present at that time also said that soldiers strengthen their bodies at the first level. At the fourth level, they begin to strengthen the Qi sea, so as to prepare for the second level. How about the Yuan Qi State?" Gina stroked the painful jade wrist of Diping with her hand, and explained carefully.

"I see!"

At this time, Diping realized that he was really careless. Since he knew that Gina's world was a magic weapon system, he should ask more about this knowledge, so as to save himself such a little white eye and feel dark and know nothing. He can't learn what to do and touch the stone to cross the river?

This is cultivation. You can't make a mistake. If you make a mistake, you may be possessed by the devil and cause incalculable consequences.

Then dipin excitedly asked Gina some questions, but he was disappointed?

thought she was as like as two peas. She thought that she had not learned much from her half a year after school. But the knowledge of the system was all magical. She knew three things about the knowledge of the soldier. She just asked her teacher to tell her about the place. Di Ping just responded to that. Just a bold guess.

"All right."

Di Ping's helpless and dejected way.

After cleaning up his mood again, di Ping checked his upgrade. He felt that his strength had been increased by 600 kg this time, and his strength had been increased to 5000 kg.

Feeling the surging strength of a body, as if there is an endless force, is really ruthless day can not lift up, ruthlessly no ring pull move, think of the Sui and Tang Dynasty's first fierce general Li Yuanba is just like this?

Strength is a strange thing. It can turn a weak person into a strong one and make the strong stronger. It seems that the heaven and earth are not in the eye. He really dares to go up to the nine days to imprison the dragon, and go down to the five seas to catch turtles. He feels the strength of the Yellow River in his body. Di Ping really has this idea.

at this time, he knows how the ancient military generals dare to be in the army To fight with each other, this is the infinite courage given by strength to fight between heaven and earth.

At this time, he was just like this. He wanted to kill him and smash everything in front of him. He had a bloodthirsty impulse in his heart.

He took a few deep breaths and suppressed his feverish agitation. Suddenly, he felt that he could not improve his strength in this way in the future. He could not effectively control the more delicate power, even his mentality could not be controlled. This bloodthirsty impulse made him fear for a while. He thought that maybe this was the reason why he could not improve his strength Is it the sequela caused by the lack of obsession and one-sided promotion of power?From this, di Ping thought that the impulse that broke out in recent days may also be related to this, because it is completely different from his own character, and super self-control is something he has always been proud of. In the past few days, he nearly lost control of his two three somersaults, which has reached a serious degree. He must pay attention to it. Although he does not know whether his guess is right or not, there is a feeling that tells him that he wants to It is right that the law of eight nine does not depart from ten.

After opening the bottle, she drank a few more sips and suppressed the fear in her heart. Gina stood in front of Diping and looked at him with concern. She felt that Diping just seemed to have a big mood fluctuation, but she didn't know why. She was very worried about dipin's state.

"I'm all right. You can have a rest! We'll start in a minute

Di Ping at this time has been completely stable, looking at concerned about their own Gina, a gentle smile.

"Oh! All right

Seeing that the expression on Diping's face has calmed down, Gina nodded obediently and went back to the bedside to sit down. Then she took a cross legged posture and closed her eyes to breathe.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!