Chapter 52

Diping is OK, not too nervous. After all, he has been feeling the road by himself. After all, he should feel at ease when he has passed. Moreover, there are two people walking together with a companion. When he is not alone, the whole world seems to have only one person. That kind of loneliness and fear will make people crazy. Diping is not a lonely person.

Half an hour later,

finally finished the road section that we had explored yesterday, and the following is the unknown road condition, so we should be more careful;

Di Ping stopped, glanced around, took a deep breath, and resolutely walked forward, while Gina followed closely.

The sun shines through the gap between the leaves, and the two people's figures stretch out long shadows on the ground. The road is full of cracked concrete blocks, and weeds grow tenaciously. Dongbentuan and Xiyi are all over the road, forming a grassy hill. From time to time, abandoned cars can be seen on the road. Many of them have been covered with vines, showing a desolation.

"Chirp ·"

"birdsong!"

All of a sudden, a sharp and high pitched voice came from the distant sky. The harsh sound pierced through the sky, as if it was ringing in dipin's ear. He was dizzy and dizzy, and his ears were buzzing. Hearing this sound, he was very excited. This is the birdsong. It is the first time that he has heard birdsong since the end of the world.

"Master! Don't move

Di Ping was about to look up at the sky, but suddenly came from behind Gina's eager low voice. He knew that Gina would not talk nonsense and stopped immediately.

"Chuo ·"

another sound, like a metal scurrying, is long and sharp. This time, the sound is closer and seems to explode directly in Diping's mind. His head is dazzled, his chest is stuffy and his blood is boiling. Just now he was only a few miles away. This time, he heard it as fast as kilometer.

"The eagle crows!"

This time, Diping confirmed that this was the eagle's cry. He had heard this kind of eagle's call before the end of the world, and this creature could be said to be the overlord in the sky.

Of course, in addition to human fighters, it can be regarded as the peak of the food chain in the sky, which is extremely fierce. After the end of the world, ordinary cats and dogs can mutate. It is not necessary to know that this kind of bird of prey is extremely fierce before the end of the world. How can it not mutate?

"Boom..."

a burst of wind and thunder came from the distance, as if thunder and wind roared.

Then the sky is dark, a shadow from the top of the head cover, at the same time, a strong momentum straight down, desolate and violent with a breath of awe inspiring loneliness.

Diping only felt that it was difficult to breathe suddenly. Her legs bent involuntarily, as if she was going to kneel down the next moment. Gina was even more unbearable. Her small face under the black robe turned pale and her body trembled slightly. She was about to fall down.

Di Ping screamed wildly in his heart, his teeth clenched, and he raised his strength fiercely, which just offset the pressure. He stood straight on his legs and reached for Gina, who was about to fall with her eyes closed.

"Hula!"

At this time, the leaves began to flutter, as if blown by a strong wind. Dipin knew that it was near.

"Pa pa..."

a few wings flapping sound, such as the angry sea hitting the shore, the air force is vertical and horizontal, the wind is rolling up one after another, and the trees are shaking wildly.

This is the wind pressure formed by the attack of wings. Dipin did not dare to move. He held Gina in his arms and looked down at the ground. Eagles should never look at them. If you look at them, they will find you immediately.

The noise of the leaves was getting louder and louder. Suddenly, a dark cloud flashed across the top of the head. The ground suddenly became dark, as if rain was about to come, and the gusty wind was stronger and fiercer. The trees seemed to be crushed by the gale, and the leaves swayed violently, and the weeds on the ground also swayed wildly with the wind.

"Hoo ·"

it was like an airplane rowing across the sky. Dipin looked at the huge shadow on the ground and then quickly looked up to the sky. He still wanted to see what such a powerful eagle was like.

"My God

Di Ping involuntarily sent out a cry of surprise. At the moment, he felt that his breath had stopped. His heart was so surprised.

When he looked up just now, he saw only a Golden Shadow, which had already made his scalp numb.

The first feeling was that it was big, too big. No wonder it was like a black cloud on the top. The bird's wings spread like an airplane, which was more than 20 meters. Every time the wings moved, dipin seemed to see that the space was distorting. It was flying at a low altitude, and the trees were shaking all the way.

The speed was as fast as lightning. Only when he looked up, he could only see the background through the gap between the leaves. In a flash, dipin seemed to be chasing something, but he didn't see it.

"Hoo!"

After a long breath, Diping felt his heart pounding, and he always thought that he had begun to be strong. However, today's Day was a blow to the head. There was a huge crocodile in front of him, and now there is a huge eagle. It can be said that he hit his rising pride in an instant, and at the same time, he felt a sense of powerlessness.

Diping felt that he had to work harder. The world was too crazy Crazy, not trying to survive is a problem.However, he believes that he will become stronger, and what can the eagle be? He has golden fingers. As long as he is not a fool, he will become more and more powerful depending on the system, and he will stand at the top of the world. He has such confidence.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!