Chapter 55

Hearing the COO sound, Diping's scalp was numb, and he thought it was bad.

just now, he was only dealing with the mutant cats, but he forgot that there was a group of mutant bunting in the sky. Others came out from the grass under the trees, and the whole thing was exposed in the middle of the road, which was very eye-catching.

in a moment ago, the miserable cry of the mutant cat spread far away, unless all the bunches were blind and could not be seen or heard by the deaf, but it was impossible. This was the first time that the babbler screamed quickly on the top of his head and immediately knew that it was broken, which was really a pity for the head.

"Gina, hide!"

Di Ping is not in a hurry. He wants to shout at Gina.

Looking up, sure enough, a group of bunting just now were circling in the sky. With the sound of cooing, dozens of plotters rushed down like shells falling from the sky. Di Ping was shocked,

these bunting are not three or two. They are good to deal with. There are about 30 or so bunting up. You have to work hard to kill them. You are really pecked at It's not easy to have a couple of bites. Just look at the hooked mouth and you can see that these guys are not as easily provoked as they seem.

"Why don't you hide?"

Di Ping is also preparing to find a place to hide. Looking back at the motionless Gina, Diping suddenly became angry. Didn't he call for you to hide? How can you stand still?

"Master?"

Gina is standing there still, aggrieved looking at di Ping, eyes is helpless to sweep a circle.

"Damn it"

seeing Gina's expression, she was stunned. Then she glanced at her eyes and immediately wanted to swear. On the open road, there was no place to hide from the viaduct? That's useless. The viaduct is about ten meters high, and the space is so large. There is no difference between it and whether it is surrounded by many bunches. However, there is nothing around. There are only trees. The main reason is that it is not big enough. Di Ping suddenly took a black line.

"Come on! It's time to make some stewed buns today

Seeing that there was no place to hide, di Ping stamped his feet, bit him, and said fiercely. He threw the scabbard aside, held the sword in both hands, and fixed his eyes on the air.

"Gina, hide behind the tree!"

Di Ping did not return to the back of Gina command.

The group of bunting is very fast, like an arrow, falling, whistling, whistling, blinking, Diping hands holding sword, eyes sharp, waiting for the variation of the giant bunting to pounce down.

"Hoo ·"

all of a sudden, di Ping saw more than a dozen small fireballs roaring out of his back, carrying a long tail smoke like a rocket, and going straight to the bunting.

The group of bunting also seems to feel the danger, immediately flapping their wings, trying to reduce the speed of falling.

All of a sudden, the sky was in a mess, dozens of bunting in the sky had a traffic accident, crowded together, a flustered flapping wings want to fly out, but it was late.

"BAM..."

with a loud sound, fireworks bloomed in the sky, and a dozen fireballs surrounded the bunting, and then exploded, shooting out tens of thousands of flame balls. The wings of the birds were cut off and their feathers were flying in disorder. As soon as these flames got on their bodies, they immediately became poisonous with bones, and then they became flying fire crows in the sky Wings, the whole sky dyed red.

For a while, the crackling sound was continuous, accompanied by the cry and cry of the bunny. It was heartbreaking and extremely tragic.

"Hoo"

"puff"

a babbler is like a bird in a shooting. It brings fire to the ground, and the sound of puffing is continuous, accompanied by the sound of burning skin and meat. There is a strong smell of fur burning in the air.

A minute later, the last Bunny fell to the ground and turned into a mass of gray carbon. The road was covered with black things and smoke from time to time. The original noisy environment immediately became quiet and frightening. Only the black whistling babbler's body on the ground also made squeaking oil from time to time.

The fireworks in the sky also slowly dissipated in the air. Diping's hand holding the sword was held up like that, and his body was sluggish. He should be in the crash state at the moment. His eyes were still staring at a pile of still smoking Plover bodies on the ground, and could not react for a moment.

If he was shocked by the fireball that killed the white cat just now, now the mage directly subverts all his cognition.

he didn't expect that the mage profession was so destructive in reality that the use of elements was not comparable to ordinary forces. It was not difficult to kill these mutant Bunting by himself, but it was impossible for him to be hurt. If he was not careful, he might suffer Hurt, he still can't do knife dance dripping water.

Killing 30 does not take three or five minutes to think about it. He knows where his ability is. If he dares to blow the air and doesn't recognize his own strength in this last age, he will die faster than anyone else!

The mage is just a simple skill. He remembers that the game calls this skill igniter, which is equivalent to the group attack version of fireball. It can release more than ten fireballs around the enemy to form a chain explosion, causing explosion damage and fire damage to the range class. Originally, in his image, this is a flurry of data, but who wants to use the reality will become so terrible. At this time, dipin has some Regret, really regret!If he felt a little regret just now, he would regret to grandma's house now!

Originally, he thought it would be very cool for him to fight with his soldiers. His swords and swords could see blood. He was extremely arrogant and passionate. But at this time, he saw that the soldiers' ordinary skills and the mage's simple and earthy dregs. I'm sorry!

She looked back at Gina, who was standing not far behind Diping. She was confused for a moment. She seemed to feel Diping's eyes. Gina, with a red face, took back her hands that had been held flat. She stood there with her head down and did not dare to look at Diping.

"My God!"

Di Ping patted her forehead secretly. Is this the female mage who raised her hand to destroy dozens of mutant bunting!

Don't say that others don't believe it. Even if Di Ping saw it now, she didn't believe it. Such a charming little woman who blushed at the sight was a master of killing the mutant beast with her hand.

Master? master!

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!