Chapter 56

Di Ping is a person who seldom envies others, but at this time he is a little envious. He thinks that soldiers can't compare with mages. He should study again and should not blindly choose a profession. This is not a game. It can be changed if it is not fun.

"Oh, by the way, I wonder if I can choose again?"

Di Ping's eyes suddenly brightened, thinking in his heart.

"Di ···· once the inheritance cannot be changed again, please don't change the host. Warrior is one of the strongest professions!"

Just thinking of the sudden beep of the system, the cold voice sounded again in his mind, directly criticizing dipin.

"Ah! Can you hear me? "

When Diping heard the voice of the system, he was immediately overjoyed. The system usually ignored him, but sometimes he suddenly said a word. How could he suddenly open his mouth today? Is the system not mechanical, but intelligent. I have to ask myself.

There was no sound in my mind. As before, the system did not pay any attention to dipin.

"System, why don't you talk and make a noise?"

Di Ping asked again, the system is still silent.

"Where are you from? Say something? "

Dipin did not give up and asked.

"What's wrong with you, master?"

Gina stood not far away, looking at dipin's dull mouth and murmuring. She didn't know what was wrong with him. She went forward and asked, worried.

"Oh! It's OK! "

Di Ping heard the voice of Gina, and then closed the voice. In his heart, he scolded your cow, which made him angry and listless.

"Crystal nucleus!"

Di Ping suddenly patted his head. Aren't all the corpses here crystal nuclei? I almost forgot the business.

Let's put down the system and talk about it later. It's too dangerous to stay in the wild for a long time!

Di Ping quickly stepped forward and first took a crystal nucleus from the mutant cat's corpse. The size of the little finger was only a little larger than that of the mouse. Looking at the corpse of a mutant babbler, dipin was a little bit uneasy for a moment. He did not know whether these mutant birds had crystal nuclei.

"I don't care. I'll find out if I take a look!"

Di Ping put down his heart, worried about gain and loss, went forward to break the head of a mutant bunny. A white jade of lanolin as small as red beans appeared on the head of the mutant bunting. Di Ping was very happy. Although the crystal nucleus was small, the mosquito was also meat in small size!

Gina saw that Diping was looking for the crystal nucleus in the mutant bunny. She did not know where she could find a knife from her body to help find the broken corpse to find the crystal nucleus. Ten minutes later, all the mutant bunting were broken, and the collection of crystal nuclei was completed.

Diping did not dare to delay, with Gina to go forward quickly, leaving the wrong place.

Fortunately, there is a bus stop 500 or 600 meters ahead. There is a bus park inside. This station is located under the viaduct. There is a small house in the station, which should be the place where the personnel on duty should live. Di Ping opened it with a slight push.

The room is relatively simple, which is about ten square meters. There is a small bed, a small table and a chair. On the table, there is a small TV, and there is nothing else. He takes Gina into the door, and Diping closes the door with light hand. This is a long sigh of relief.

Take off the backpack from the back, take out two bottles of mineral water, give Gina a a bottle, sit down on the chair, gulp and gulp several mouthfuls to relieve the thirst.

Gina also gently twisted the mouth of the bottle and put it on the red lips. After a shallow drink, she covered the bottle. She seemed to feel that she stretched out her ruddy tongue and licked it playfully. If dipin saw it at this time, she would call for help, and he was exchanging crystal coins!

He wanted to see how much the nucleus of the mutant bunting was worth.

"Di ·· crystal core 34 to exchange crystal coins, get 16 crystal coins"

Di Ping was overjoyed when he heard of the 16 coins. Originally, he thought it would be good to exchange a few, but he didn't expect that it was so much more than he expected. 14 would be enough to recruit a class C hero, and his strength could be further strengthened. Today, he saw Juying.

With the appearance of giant eagle, it can be imagined that birds have also completed the mutation. After that, a large number of mutated birds will appear, and the living environment of human beings will be further deteriorated, and it will be difficult to walk step by step. Only by further strengthening their own strength can they survive better in this last age.

Before the end of the world, with the development of human urbanization, the living space of animals has been compressed step by step. Wild animals have become less and less. Only in some mountainous areas or remote areas can there be wild animals. This is also the result of the country's returning farmland to forests and protecting the ecological environment in recent years.

So at present, most of the mutated animals in the city are mutant cats and dogs. More and more mutant animals come from zoos in the city center, as well as animals from several pet markets in the city.

But a bird is different. Although before the end of the world, there are still a lot of birds, even in urban areas. Although there are few birds of prey, there are still many birds in general.

Therefore, dipin had a sense of urgency. To enhance his strength was what he wanted most at present. So his mind moved. The system interface opened, and dipin opened the pub. There were still two heroes in the tavern frame. The number of crystal coins on the top of the heroes had changed from zero to 16, and the energy value of soul had changed to 72. Di Ping was immediately happy and knew that 72 was enough for him Three more levels.No nonsense, upgrade first! At this time, the recruitment of heroes to release, their own strength is the most important.

He exited the tavern in a hurry. After clicking on his avatar, he directly opened the upgrade item. Even three times, Diping's eyes did not blink, and three golden lights flashed. The level of Diping has become level one four.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!