Chapter 61

"We're food collectors at a nearby underground shopping mall! ···"

" are you from Baohe underground base? "

When Di Ping heard about the gathering place of the underground shopping mall, he immediately interrupted Yue lie's words. The nearby underground gathering place may be said to be the gathering place of thousands of people called Bao and underground shopping mall, so he asked urgently.

"Yes! Big brother knows where? "

Yue lie was startled by Di Ping's exclamation. Hearing that he also knew this gathering place, he immediately asked.

"Is something wrong with the gathering place? Why are you here? "

With Yue lie's affirmative reply, di Ping secretly said that something was wrong with him. He thought something had happened to the underground base. Otherwise, how could these two people appear here? Was he a little late? If I had known that I had come alone, I would not have to delay for half a day.

"We don't know what's going on in the gathering place. We didn't come out of it! It's not going in! "

Yue lie was a little surprised by the strong reaction of Diping. He wondered whether this man was from our gathering place, or did he have relatives there? Otherwise, how could you be so excited.

"Not from inside? So how are you here? What can you tell us about it? "

As soon as di Ping heard that they were not from the gathering place, and did not know the current situation of the gathering place, he had to ask how the two appeared here.

"We are from the food search team of the gathering place. The day before yesterday, we went out to collect food. In the afternoon, we were chased and bitten by a group of mutant dogs as soon as we arrived at the square. Fortunately, the two of us ran fast, and other team-mates couldn't run out. We didn't even enter the gathering place, so we didn't know whether there was an accident in the gathering place. We didn't dare to go back. We had to hide in the nearby upstairs, so we were really hungry I can't stand it. I can't come out to look for food. "

Yuelie's quality is really good. In a few words, he made things clear. Liu Han, on the edge, also returned to normal, nodding his head on the edge, as if to say that Yue lie was right.

"Can you tell me about the underground gathering place! Can it be guaranteed that so many people gather together to eat and live? "

Di Ping picked up three bottles of water from the shelf and handed them to each of them. He twisted off the lid and took a drink. After walking for a long time, he was still thirsty. Seeing that they both drank water, their expressions were completely calm. Then he asked.

"Promise! It's good to have a place to hide. If you want nothing, you don't even have anything to cover. You don't have to think about food. Our search team can have one or two loaves of bread a day, but most people can't even guarantee one! Some are old and weak, and many are starving! " Yue lie shrugged helplessly.

"Who is in charge of the gathering place, and the lack of food, they don't think much about it?"

Di Ping also knew that the eating and drinking of thousands of people was indeed a trouble, but there were always managers in this gathering place, right? It's already here. Don't you think about it?

"Fart! They eat and drink. Who cares about you? " Liu Han, the great spirit, made a crime again. He was scared to death just now. This will be normal again. When he heard Di Ping's words, he began to curse, and his expression was very indignant.

"Oh! What's the situation, can you tell me? "

Di Ping felt wrong as soon as he heard it. It seemed that there were many hidden secrets inside.

However, it's normal to think about it. Before that, I had a quarrel with Sandrine and other people. I almost killed myself when I shut myself out. What's more, I dare to kill women with some food in the back. However, there are thousands of people in this small base. With the change of human nature in the end of the world, nothing is strange.

"They only care about their own food. They care about our life and death, and the food we search for. They will take in more bread. If they can't go out, they will only give half a piece of bread, and some will not. But they will eat and drink every day. There will be more wine and cigarettes than women!"

Liu Han said that his eyes seemed to spray fire, a face of resentment.

"Who are they?"

Di Ping listened to Liu Han saying that they were just who they were, and asked.

"It's not the officials yet!"

Liu Han was not angry.

"Don't you know how to argue with them?"

Dipin asked.

"What's the theory? They want people, some people want guns, we can argue with them with our hands! "

Liu Han rolled his eyes and looked at di Ping like an idiot.

"Lao Liu!"

Yue lie listened to Liu Han's bad tone and was afraid to make him angry. Di Ping reminded him in a low voice. Liu Han also knew that he had gone too far, so he stopped immediately.

Di Ping also touched his nose awkwardly, and seemed to feel that he had raised this question with some idiots, so he laughed and indicated that nothing was wrong.

"How many mutant dogs do you see gathering outside the base?"

Di Ping is not asking idiots questions. He begins to ask about the besieged base.

Suddenly, their faces looked frightened. Yue lie said in a trembling voice, "I don't know. We didn't dare to look. We turned around and ran away." Then he seemed to think of the scene at that time, but he gave a thrill, with fear on his face, "there are... Many, i... listen, there are more than ten!""Don't be afraid, you are safe now!"

Di Ping looked at the trembling two people also understood that these two people should be scared, so patted two people, warm voice comfort way.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!