Chapter 65

"Chop!"

Di Ping had no control of the flying mutant dogs. His body kept running like a white colt. He rushed to the four mutant dogs in an instant. The sword was waving like the wind, and the cold light flashed. In the air, silver knives were drawn in the air. The sharp blade cut through the air. With bursts of sharp whistles, he cut out several knives in an instant. The fast eyes could not see clearly. The four mutant dogs were wrapped by red sword shadows.

"Poof"

"poof"

"poof"

a row of dense sharp blades across the skin and makes the scalp numb sound in the ears of all people.

Di Ping's fast running body was 20 meters away from where he had stood before. He held the sword handle in both hands. The sword body was tilted to the right. The red light on the sword had disappeared, but the sword still squeaked with white smoke, but there was no trace of blood.

On the ground behind him, the four mutant dogs were disorderly parked there, their bodies were shaking. However, they suddenly tilted and fell on the ground. There were a series of terrible wounds on their bodies. After a few seconds, it seemed that the blood found a breakthrough and shot out like a fountain, which soon dyed the whole ground red.

"Boom"

at this time, the mutant dog that had been hit by Diping flew out more than ten meters, and then it hit a car on the road. The glass on the car suddenly broke. The mutant dog also fell on the ground like a paralyzed mud, and blood flowed out of his nose like no money. He could only see the slight undulation of his chest, which looked like the soft mud without bones, which was absolutely impossible to live Yes.

"Wuwu..."

and the wolf dog was stunned for a moment. It seemed that he didn't expect that this human was so powerful. In the blink of an eye, five mutant dogs fell down. But immediately it became angry. The wolf dog was a fierce dog and never knew to retreat. When he saw dipin killed his men, he not only did not fear, but roared with anger. His eyes were bloodshot With tyranny and madness.

At this time, yuelie and Liu Han, who were hiding in the supermarket behind, were totally stupid. They didn't know whether to believe their eyes. Their brains seemed to have stopped thinking and just looked at everything on the street.

"Come on

Di Ping suddenly looked at the wolf dog contemptuously, and the sword in his hand challenged him.

"Woo Hoo!"

The wolf dog was angry. At this time, he became more manic. He raised his head and roared. His four sharp claws clawed the ground fiercely. Several deep scratches were made on the concrete floor. His body was like a running rhinoceros. He rushed straight to Diping with a domineering momentum.

"Ha ha, good coming!"

Di Ping roared with laughter. What he wanted was the effect. He was afraid that the mutant dog was afraid of running away, so Yu Shi just did the action to provoke it. Who would have thought that the wolf dog was really obedient and roared to rush up, which was just the same as he wanted, and he would like to have a big drink in his mouth.

As soon as the sword in hand vibrates, a red flame ignites on the sword. The body of the sword has turned red. The body squats slowly. Then, the muscles of both legs stretch fiercely. The force rises from the ground. With a bang, the body shoots forward like an arrow and rushes towards the mutant dog.

The mutant dog is like a running bull, and it can feel a strong wind blowing in his face. Seeing that one man and one dog are about to collide, the mutant dog suddenly makes a straight attack, and actually flies more than 2 meters high and pours at Diping like a tiger.

The sharp claws of the mutant dog, like several sharp knives, were grabbing dipin's head. It seemed that he wanted to smash his head directly. Only in this way could he relieve his anger.

"Chopping"

Di Ping drank violently, and his heart moved. His muscles and bones moved. A force rose from his body, and his heart moved with his will. The sword waved like a track in his hand. Under this force, the sword suddenly moved at a abnormal speed. It flashed in the space like a running thunder, and a red lightning drew a bright arc in the air Chop off the mutant wolf dog.

"Poof"

the sound of cutting meat with a light and crisp blade makes people feel cold at the root of their ears, numb on their scalp, and their cold hairs on their bodies. It seems that they are drawing their own meat samples.

"Bang"

one person, one dog, one touch, and then they cross each other. The mutant dog's body falls to the ground, but it doesn't stand. It falls into two parts and falls on the ground with no trace of blood in the wound. It's burnt black. After two or three seconds, the blood seems to have been suddenly aware of, and the internal organs also flow out with a loud puff.

Di Ping stood four or five meters away from the corpse of the mutant dog, calmly throwing his sword. The red light on the sword disappeared. Then he turned to look at the corpse of the mutant dog on the ground. It seemed that he had not done what he had just done, but what we didn't know was that he was surging in his heart.

Because he felt that his skill was so powerful that he could not walk a round with six mutant dogs in his hands. The combination of powerful strength, speed and skills was no more difficult than killing chickens.

"I rely on..."

Di Ping is calm, but someone is not calm. Yue lie and Yue lie are staring at the cow's eyes, full of horror, and seem to be frightened by everything in front of them. Liu Han keeps scolding, like this, so that they can solve their panic. Suddenly, they have an idea, that is, are we two crossing, is this not the earth?Mom, are we homesick?

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!