Chapter 68

In fact, when Di Ping just started from the castle, Ge Zhongping, vice mayor of the underground base of the shopping mall, and a dozen or so base leaders were discussing some matters in a room.

Among them, Lu Hai, the director of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, has dozens of real power figures in charge of the police. It can be said that only with his support can ge Zhongping become the leader.

There is also Han Zhongguo, the vice mayor in charge of agriculture, education and health. He is supported by more than a dozen policemen, so he can still maintain a certain voice in the management.

The rest of the people can be said to be soy sauce players. Some of them went directly to ge Zhongping. Most of them remained neutral, but few of them fell to Han Zhongguo. Therefore, he was very isolated in this group. If it had not been for a few guns under his hand, he would have been expelled from the management team.

Ge Zhongping was smoking. His eyes swept through the smoke to each person's face in the room. He observed the expression on each face. When his eyes swept Han Zhongguo, he obviously stopped for a moment, and the opportunity flashed. However, no one could see clearly in the smoke hidden in his eyes.

All the people in the room were silent and smoking in silence. The whole room was filled with smoke, and everyone's face was hidden in the smoke. It was not true to see. Only the cigarette end fire was bright and bright. The silence in the room was frightening, and only the sound of cigarette end burning could be heard.

Just now, Yang Shusen, the person in charge of the distribution of all materials in the base, read out a report to the public. This is an inventory of existing materials. All people were shocked and more frightened when they heard of this situation. There was a strong worry on everyone's face.

What makes these people so scared?

That's right, the supplies are insufficient!

The existing materials can not be supplied to everyone, even their management and the police force are unable to supply them. At most, there are still two or three days' supply, that is, they will be cut off in a few days.

They are better, but we should know that most people in the base have been suspended for more than two days. In the first two days, many people can only guarantee one or two cakes to eat, let alone full.

There have been cases of starvation in the base. In the past two days, there have been more than a dozen cases of starvation. This is because of poor health. Before, there was not much food to eat, but now there is nothing to eat. It must not be able to support.

Now I'm in poor health, but I'm in good health. I haven't been able to eat much these days. If I'm hungry for three or more days, maybe all the people in the base will die of starvation.

These people are dead or alive, but they are going to run out of food. What if the police make trouble?

At the thought of all the people here, Ge Zhongping was also upset. He really wanted to give up, but now he is in a dilemma.

"Everyone has come up with ideas. One person is short of wisdom, and many others are wise! Let's talk about it. What should we do now? "

Ge Zhongping pinched out the cigarette end in the ashtray, raised his eyes to scan all the people, and said in an official voice.

What he didn't expect was that all the people didn't even lift their heads. They just smoked silently and looked at the table top. It seemed that the patterns on the table top were very beautiful, but they didn't want to look up. Ge Zhongping's eyes were filled with anger. These people were so shameless that no one responded to their own words.

"Land and sea, what's your opinion? Talk about it!"

Ge Zhongping was helpless to see that all the people did not speak. His authority was really getting lower and lower. He had to look at his loyal land and sea and let him come to the rescue.

It's just that he forgot that the land and sea are the rice bowls, and also a microphone that he used to control the police system. What opinions can such a person have.

"Secretary, your opinion is my opinion, and I firmly follow you!"

When Lu Hai heard Ge Zhongping's roll call, his scalp felt numb. He quickly stood up and looked at GE Zhongping with a flattering smile.

"Poof"

Ge Zhongping almost gushed blood from an old man. To this day, he regretted that he had put the bag of wine and rice in such an important position. However, he did not think of such a strong man himself, and he would be even more angry if he did not obey.

At this time, when he knew what advice he got from Lu Hai, he had to wave his hand to let him sit down. Lu Hai breathed out his breath and went down slowly, not forgetting to wipe the sweat on his head.

"Don't be silent. If you have anything to say, we must work together to get out of the predicament."

At this time, Ge Zhongping is no longer planning to play the official tune. He has reached the point of life and death, and he has no time to play tricks here. He can get to a high position and is still the person in charge of the three Yamens of the public security organs and the law. Naturally, he knows what kind of situation he is facing. If he is not careful, let alone enjoy it, he will live.

"Good! Let me say a few words! "

At this time, the silent Han Zhongguo suddenly put out his cigarette end, looked up at GE Zhongping and said, his eyes were firm and sharp.

"Ha ha! well! Vice Mayor Han will say what he has to say, and all the comrades will understand it well! "

Ge Zhongping was glad to hear someone answer, but Han Zhongguo's face suddenly sank. He hated Han Zhongguo most. If he hadn't been making trouble with himself in the base, he would have been in full control of the base. Unlike now, there are so many neutral people in the management who are influenced by this Han Zhongguo. Although he doesn't like this person in his heart, But now also dare not show, face a change, smile ha ha of say to the public."Ha ha! well! Vice Mayor Han will say what he has to say, and all the comrades will understand it well! "

Ge Zhongping was glad to hear someone answer, but Han Zhongguo's face suddenly sank. He hated Han Zhongguo most. If he hadn't been making trouble with himself in the base, he would have been in full control of the base. Unlike now, there are so many neutral people in the management who are influenced by this Han Zhongguo. Although he doesn't like this person in his heart, But now he did not dare to show it, so his face changed. He looked at Han Zhongguo with a smile and said.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!