Chapter 67

Di Ping was startled. He was already a little disgusted. Seeing Yue lie rush to himself, he quickly flashed to one side. Did he want to be held by such a person, or would he not be disgusted to death?

"What are you going to do?"

Di Ping murmured and looked at Yue lie warily. Her face was already a little bad. Her sword was lifted up in her hand. Gina also stood still, and a palm stretched out from her robe. There was a slight wave on her palm that she could not detect. Her eyes were fixed on Yue lie and seemed to be ready to make a move at any time. The atmosphere of the scene immediately became tense.

"Er, er... Don't misunderstand, don't misunderstand!"

Yuelie seemed to feel that the atmosphere was not right. He woke up by mistake. He realized that he was too excited just now. He waved his hands to di Ping in a hurry, and looked anxious.

"Lao lie, what are you doing?"

At this time, Liu Han also responded. He ran to him in a hurry. He grabbed Yue lie and asked with concern. His eyes were still tense and he swept at Diping from time to time.

"Hero, please help the people in the gathering place? Save my girlfriend! Please

Yue lie didn't pay attention to Liu Han's pulling. He fought to get rid of Liu Han. He knelt down on his knees with a splash of tears in his eyes. He looked at di Ping and begged.

"Hero, we beg you to save his girlfriend? You can do it if you're so good? "

At this time, Liu Han understood why Yue lie reacted so fiercely. Looking at his brother who was kneeling on the ground and pleading with di Ping, his eyes immediately turned red, and he also knelt down to beg for the way.

"You get up?"

At this time, di Ping understood why Yue lie was so eager to look at him. He wanted to save his girlfriend and misunderstand him that this guy was good at Longyang! So he felt his nose awkwardly, and then he stepped forward and helped them up.

"Hero, do you really promise to save people?"

When they saw that Diping came to help them, they were overjoyed. They looked at Diping excitedly and asked.

"Yes! I promised

Di Ping looked at the excited two people and said with a smile.

"Thank you, thank you!"

The two immediately stood up with excited expression and took Diping to thank him.

"Come on! Don't thank you. Lead the way

Di Ping looked at the endless posture and quickly interrupted the two humanitarians.

"Oh! Yes, yes, let's go, Lao Liu. Let's go ahead

Yue lie was so surprised that he touched his tears and nodded repeatedly. He got up from the ground and dragged Liu Han to the front.

Di Ping motioned to Zina to keep up with him, without looking at the mutant dogs on the ground. Then he walked quickly to the two men and walked side by side with them. Although he said that he would let them lead the way, he would not really let them walk in the front. If a mutant animal sneaked in, they would be in danger, so they would follow up.

As they walked, they talked. Di Ping had been exploring the situation in the base, so it was always useful to inquire more and collect as much as possible. During the chat, he learned that Yue lie and Liu Han had several classmates trapped in the base, including his girlfriend.

They used to be college students and went out to play together. On a classmate's birthday, they went to this classmate's house to play together, and the student's house was near the provincial government. As a result, they were also trapped here. Fortunately, the conditions of this classmate's home were good. His father was a city official. When he got the news of the government's evacuation, he took them to join the army of retreating. Who would have thought Encounter mutation crocodile, the large army was scattered, and finally fortunately not killed, with a group of people, hiding in this base.

After that, he and Liu Han joined the search team of Al Qaeda without any food to eat. His girlfriend stayed in the base with three or four other classmates. However, this time, they were trapped outside and couldn't get to the base. Yue was worried about his girlfriend. We should know that the base is not a safe place to eat For a beautiful woman.

They are no longer simple students. In the last days, they have seen too much cruelty in the world, and they know what kind of things their girlfriends will suffer in the base without food if they wait for others to go back.

Yue lie was in a hurry. He wanted to run, regardless of the danger. Di Ping could not go on like this. If he walked so fast, the safety on the road would not be eliminated in a hurry. It was too dangerous and might bring everyone into a dangerous situation.

"Yue lie! Stop it

Di Ping whispered. Yue lie and Liu Han stopped when they heard Di Ping's low voice. They looked back at di Ping with some doubts. Di Ping looked at them seriously and said, "Yue lie, you have to calm down. There are many crises on the road. If you don't want to die and you want to save your girlfriend, please calm down for me."

"Dicko! I... I "

hearing Di Ping's words, Yue lie seemed to be reluctant, but in the end, he lowered his head in di Ping's stern eyes, with a trace of anxiety on his face.

During the conversation, they already knew that the young man's name was di Ping, so they called Di Ping as di Ge. Yue lie was too anxious and forgot about the danger. Now Diping severely criticized him and woke up immediately. His eyes were full of regret."OK, life is your own. If you don't have life, let alone save others!"

Di Ping looked at the two people calmly and said slowly.

Thank you, dick They also realized their mistakes, and when they heard Di Ping's words, they were very busy and said in a chorus, "we must pay attention to it. We are not going to make a fool of it!"

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!