Chapter 63

However, he didn't pay attention to Yue lie and his murderous spirit was as strong as the essence. He had killed many mutant animals even though he had killed people. The murderous spirit gathered in his body like a raging wind, and they stepped back several steps under the pressure of this momentum.

This killing idea is like ice, so that both of them are as if they were blown by the cold wind. Their bodies can't help but excite themselves. Looking at di Ping, who is as dead as the devil, their eyes are full of horror and their bodies are shaking involuntarily.

"Are you two OK? I didn't control it just now

When Di Ping saw that Yue lie and Yue lie were moved back and forth by their momentum, they realized that they did not control their energy well and let the momentum disperse. How did the two ordinary youths suffer? So he quickly dispersed their momentum and looked at the two men's expression of regret.

"No... nothing!"

Yue lie also stammered at this time. He stammered after hearing Di Ping's inquiry.

Although dipin regained his momentum, they still dodged their eyes when they looked at him. They couldn't imagine how they could have such a strong momentum on a person. They could not imagine that they could not breathe and almost stopped beating in their hearts. Isn't this just in novels? Is the martial arts master in real novels? All of this overturned their cognition. Looking at dipin's eyes was always afraid of looking at monsters.

"Master, there is a situation!"

Then suddenly Gina quietly appeared beside Diping and whispered.

"Ah

Yue lie and Liu Han were startled by the sudden appearance of Gina. They almost screamed, but they didn't realize it. They were like a choking duck with a long neck.

It's true that they don't blame them. Gina, dressed in a black robe, with her head down and her face not exposed, suddenly appears around the public in silence. Who is not scared? The most important thing is that in this strange environment of the end of the world, she is tense. It's good for both of them not to cry.

Gina raised her face and looked at them. She felt that they looked funny. She showed a smile. The smile was like baimeisheng. Yuelie and yuelie had stretched their necks back and looked at Gina blankly. Their eyes were full of fire.

Gina's charm Di Ping can't resist, not to mention these two little rookies, just by Gina's smile, hook's soul is almost flying.

"What's the situation?"

Dipin glanced at them with pity in their eyes. He knew that the two guys were dizzy by Gina. But at this time, he had the air traffic control. When he heard Gina say something wrong, he turned to look at Gina and asked.

"There are some big mutant dogs wandering the street, coming this way!"

Gina looked away from yuelie and her smile disappeared. Her beautiful and charming face was hidden in the black robe again. The voice of demon and softness came from the black robe.

Until Gina's face disappeared, their eyes were full of disappointment, but they were sober up. They looked at each other and saw fear in each other's eyes. It seemed that they knew that their state of absence was abnormal, and their eyes looked like Gina's eyes were a little erratic.

But from Gina's mouth, she heard that there was a mutant dog coming, and she suddenly turned pale and trembled all over again. They were really scared by the mutant dog. The one who had just been chased the day before yesterday had no way to go to the earth, and people had not completely recovered from the situation that they should not bark every day. This would be a fear that could not be controlled.

"Go out and have a look!"

Several mutant dogs are nothing in Diping's eyes now. They walk out with a calm face.

"Don't... don't go!"

Yue lie and her two are stunned. They seem to have no idea that Diping will go out to have a look. Watching Diping turn to the outside, Gina is also going to go. They immediately cry in a low voice and want to hold them.

As a result, dipin and Gina didn't even look back. They quickly walked outside. They didn't seem to hear what they were saying. In a flash, they disappeared at the end of the shelf. The sound of footsteps showed that they were walking straight to the door.

"What to do?"

They looked at each other, looked outside, and even asked each other this sentence at the same time.

"Spell it! Early death, early death! We can't be inferior to women? "

Liu Han suddenly clenched his teeth and said in a cruel voice. Seeing that women like Gina go out without hesitation in the face of danger, how can he put up with these big men? What's more, this woman is so beautiful. It's a good thing to die with her!

"Well, I've run enough, and I've finished it!"

Yue lie also said a word with a resolute face.

"Good! Go! Ha ha, our two brothers will fight together today! If a man is dead, he will not die for ten thousand years. Eighteen years later, he will be a hero again

Liu Han was born free and easy. With a smile, he turned and walked out. He picked up a kitchen knife from the shelf and put it in his hand. Yue lie also followed him. He also took a kitchen knife and walked out behind Liu Han.

Although Di Ping walked in front of him, he could hear the sound of the room clearly. He also heard what they said. When they came out, he didn't look back, but he took a touch of a smile on his mouth. These two people are good. They know that their strength is limited, but they dare to follow out and dare to fight for their lives. Such people are also worth cultivating.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!