Chapter 64

Diping took Gina to the door of the supermarket. Looking in the direction indicated by Gina, there were five or six mutant dogs of various breeds on the street. They were sniffing around the street. From time to time, they even went into the roadside stores to search for food. However, they were too big. They either knocked over the table or knocked down the shelves. They were jingling for food.

Yue lie and Liu Han had already followed. Standing behind Di Ping, they saw five or six mutant dogs as big as tigers. Immediately, their bodies were tight and their pores were shrinking. If they were drenched by ice water, their bodies shivered involuntarily. The courage they had just summoned each other quickly faded.

At this time, Gina suddenly wanted to go out. However, Diping stopped her. He wanted to know more about his skills and enrich his fighting experience. He always felt that the world would become more and more dangerous. If he didn't grow up quickly, he would probably live in this last life It's going to be hard to save.

Gina stops obediently, while Di Ping slowly steps out of the supermarket in the eyes of Yue lie and Liu Han, and then goes down the steps. She even walks to the center of the street and stands there, quietly watching the mutant dog in the distance.

"Is he... Is he crazy?"

Liu Han looked at di Ping as if to see a monster, staring at the boss, stammered.

"There's... It's possible!"

Yue lie is also forced to face, can not understand this man, this is not to die?

At first, they thought that the man and the woman were really capable, because the momentum just now was too frightening. Only the legendary martial arts experts could give out such amazing momentum. At this time, they just looked at whether the two men were insane?

So swaggering to the middle of the road, you really think the mutant dog is your relative?

"It's over, it's over!"

Two people look at each other, from each other's eyes to see a deep powerless and sad.

"Shut up!"

At this time, a soft but dissatisfied voice came. Gina looked at them coldly. Anyone who dared to be disrespectful to the master was disrespectful to herself. She really wanted to kick these two people out, but she just said that the master was crazy.

"Oh

Yue lie and Liu Han heard Gina's dissatisfaction, especially the beautiful face was cold as ice, and the blue eyes were like a deep spring, which was deep and cold. Their hearts trembled and they immediately shut up.

"Wang Wang..."

Di Ping, a big living man, walked into the street like a five thousand watt electric light bulb. He was immediately found by the mutant dog, and immediately he screamed wildly, attracting the attention of all his friends.

"Wang Wang..."

the mutant dog, who was searching for something, heard the barking of his companion and rushed to the street. When he saw Diping in the street, he immediately roared violently. His blood red eyes were filled with bloodthirsty excitement, and his sharp claws kept moving on the ground. It seemed that he was ready to rush up at any time.

At this time, a huge yellow wolf dog as strong as a mule and horse rushed out of a store. Obviously, this wolf dog was the head. When five anxious mutant dogs saw the wolf dog coming out, they immediately made a whine in their mouth. They stepped back a few steps. The wolf dog ran to the front of the five variation dogs, and their blood red eyes were staring at dipin, and they growled in a low voice. The voice shocked people's heart and mouth Ba split open, showing a mouth of white and sharp teeth, saliva splashing downward drip.

This kind of wolf dog is more common in China. Generally, it is a hybrid of wolf and dog. Many police dogs in China are of this kind. Later, they were introduced into the people. Because of their ferocity and humanity, they were widely spread among the people.

This kind of wolf dog is fierce, aggressive, and generally large in size. In the face of real tigers and wolves, many bandits are willing to give up. This is just an ordinary hound, but this is a real variant. The giant dog with adult height after mutation is not to be faced with, but will be softened when seeing it.

"Wuwu..."

all of a sudden, the wolf dog raised its head and barked for a long time, which broke through the sky. The five mutant dogs behind seemed to hear the command. They roared with a fierce bow, and their limbs fired with force. The body shape immediately shot out like a shell and rushed straight to dipin.

"The fire intensifies!"

this time, di Ping is preparing for a quick battle. It's too close to the square. The wolf's roar just now might have attracted dozens of them in the square, so he didn't talk nonsense. His heart moved. The Han sword in his hand shook, and a red energy began to spread on the sword.

This kind of flame is very interesting. Although it looks like a burning flame, it doesn't hurt the Han sword itself. However, once it touches an object, the burning power of the flame is powerful and frightening. After a sword passes, the sword does not even touch blood, and the wound is burning like high temperature, and the blood is sealed.

"Shit, what is that?"

Liu Han saw that the sword in Diping's hand suddenly turned red, and the sword seemed to be burning flames. He was so stupid!

Originally, both of them had the impulse to run into the supermarket immediately. They thought that the young man was like a fool. Isn't it stupid to wait for death here?But when they saw the sudden change of the sword in Diping's hand, they immediately stopped the impulse in their hearts. They just looked more confused. What's the situation?

After a few hundred meters, the speed of the mutant dog is as fast as lightning, and the distance between them is shortened in the blink of an eye. Looking at this speed, yuelie and yuelie know that they were able to escape last time, which is really a great virtue in their last life.

"Impact!"

Di Ping has been standing quietly. His sword is hanging down on his side, and the flames are blazing on it. Seeing that the mutant dog has been more than 20 meters forward, he just yells. His body is like a shell that has been taken out of the hall. The cement ground on the ground is broken by strong pedal force, and the cement fragments splash.

"Bang"

with a huge noise, a mutant dog was like being hit by a running rhinoceros, and its body flew back and forth, without even screaming, and blood splashed in the air.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!