Chapter 70

Ge Zhongping Chang vomited out smoke, hid his face in the smoke, squinted and quickly swept through the crowd to observe the changes in the expression of all the people. This is his favorite way. Whenever the Standing Committee has made a major decision, he always likes to hide in the smoke and secretly observe the expression of everyone to judge the direction of things. This is his habit all the time.

His eyes swept a circle, he knew that his guess is not far from ten, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang have been united together, and he actually did not know anything?

Looking at Lu Hai again, he was very angry in his heart. He could do nothing but play with women. He didn't detect this event. At the same time, he was also regretful. Recently, he had been careless. He played too much with women and forgot to guard against these people.

Thinking of this, Ge Zhongping breathed a breath and quickly hid his murderous intention in his eyes. He knew that this was not the time to fall out with Han Zhongguo. Now he needed to unite and get out of the predicament. He said that as long as he had a gun in his hand, he would never be able to turn over the waves.

"Well, stop fighting and listen to Mr. Han!"

Ge Zhongping took a cold look at Han Zhongguo. Then he pressed his cigarette end and drank down some people who had lost their body. Then he turned pale and looked at Han Zhongguo with a smile and said, "Mr. Han, tell me how to kill the mutant dog!"

Lu Hai didn't seem to understand how Ge Zhongping suddenly stopped himself. However, he had been suppressed by GE Zhongping. He was used to following the crowd and immediately took the lead to sit down. The other several people sat down one after another, but their eyes were full of doubts.

Han Zhongguo didn't do much entanglement. He was a pragmatic man and didn't like to talk about routine. When he saw that some people were stopped by GE Zhongping, he reorganized the topic: "we have limited weapons and not many bullets, so we can't fight the mutant dog head-on, so we can only outwit them!"

With this sentence, Han Zhongguo looked at all the people at the meeting and found that all of them were quiet and did not speak, so he continued.

"We can open a passageway from the entrance of the shopping mall, and set this channel into a narrow channel. Only one mutant dog can pass through it. We will lay a barrier in the passageway to eliminate the mutant dog in the channel!"

After that, Han Zhongguo waved his arm vigorously. His eyes were full of confidence, but he didn't expect that the meeting place was very quiet. Unexpectedly, no one answered his words. It seemed that everyone was shocked by his words and just looked at him quietly.

"Have you ever thought about it? The power of the mutant dog is unusual, and you have seen it. How can this passage ensure that it is trapped? What if there is an accident?"

Finally, Ge Zhongping broke the silence and put forward his own opinion. To say that GE Zhongping is not a straw bag, he has seen the power of the mutant dog. Therefore, it is pertinent to put forward this opinion. Most of the original silent people have the same idea with him.

Although we all know that we are at the end of our tether, we are not dead after all. However, few ordinary people have such courage in the face of mutant dogs. They have seen the power of mutant dogs. They bite off the head and scratch the steel.

Who knows how strong the design can be, whether this channel can trap the mutant dog, you should know that it is not the end of the world, you can use reinforced concrete, but now there is this thing.

"You don't have to worry about this. We have two experts in building structure. After many arguments, the supermarket shelf and screw structure can completely withstand the attack of the mutant dog, and we can attack the mutant dog from the gap!" Han Zhongguo looked at the eyes of all the people who asked him, so he did not hide and said the reason of his plan again.

In fact, Han Zhongguo did a lot of things in the past two days. He was a pragmatic man. When he was trapped in the ground by the mutant dog, he was thinking of countermeasures, but he was suffering from no way. As a result, he found two people, both experts in building structure, through chatting, he learned that these two people had a way to kill the mutant dog, and he was very happy to bring them to his side This project was studied.

At the same time, he did not idle, find Lu Guoliang to explain his dissatisfaction with Ge Zhongping and the future of the base.

Lu Guoliang had already been more and more disgusted with Ge Zhongping's practice, but also felt that Han Zhongguo's plan was feasible. So the two men immediately agreed, and then they united to suppress Ge Zhongping on this plan to ensure the normal progress of the plan.

Ge Zhongping did not speak. He took a cigarette out of the cigarette box and was ready to light it. However, the lighter did not light up several times. He was already upset. He held the cigarette into a ball and threw it on the ground.

At this time, he was depressed. Originally, he had a plan today, which was to organize the people in the base to retreat, use more people to resist the mutant dog, and they withdrew safely under the protection of the police force.

But before he put forward this plan, he was crushed by Han Zhongguo. Now, there are only five people who support him, while there are eight people who support Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang. There are a lot more of them. Now they are talking back, they will only lose more people's support.

People in the meeting room also talked about Han Zhongguo's plan in a low voice. Ge Zhongping was upset by the murmurs. His eyes glanced at the audience from time to time. He saw that most people were looking at Han Zhongguo's body, which seemed to agree with Han Zhongguo's plan.Han Zhongguo's heart sank. He knew that he had lost his power in this management. Now Han Zhongguo has gained a dominant position. Now his only dependence is his ten or so guns.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!