Chapter 66

Yue lie and Liu Han doubt whether they have passed through and are not on the earth!

It's not their fault. What they see today really exceeds their cognition of more than 20 years. What's shining on the sword, whether it's magic or martial arts, as well as the speed like blinking and the powerful superhuman power, are just like those in the fantasy novels. They have to suspect that this is not the earth.

Two people who look down upon Jina as if they were in the city!

However, when she put her eyes on di Ping again, the little stars were shining in her eyes. She thought that the master was so handsome that she was better than those senior brothers in her college. It was not like a first-class fighter at all. It was so strong and furious!

Looking at the majestic figure standing in the middle of the street, her eyes gradually blurred, as if gradually up the fog, a face of tenderness, tenderness as if to melt in general.

Di Ping slowly turned around and looked at the corpse of the mutant dog lying on the ground. Suddenly, he felt an indescribable feeling in his heart. At first, he was chased around by several mutant dogs. Now, the six mutants have not passed a minute in his hand, and all of them are lying on the ground.

This is a great progress, and this progress is only a few days, let people in a dream.

He is satisfied with today's performance. The summary after each battle and the continuous practice every day make him master the power more and more. Although he can't reach the perfection, he has already felt a little satisfied.

He believes that he will be stronger and stronger in the future, and he must live well in this last life!

Stop Peng Bai's mood, di Ping's face calmed down again, walked slowly to the corpse of the mutant wolf dog, and waved his sword in his hand!

Click, break the head, squat down to look for crystal nucleus, take out a nail size of lanolin jade beads, and then go to break the others.

Gina saw the action of Diping, and quickly went downstairs. She took out the knife from her body and began to help.

"Lao lie, what do you think they are looking for?"

They had recovered from their fright. When they saw that dipin and Gina were looking for something in the head of the mutant dog, they were just far away. They could only see a flash of white things. They could not see clearly what it was. Liu Han couldn't help but forget to be afraid. He asked Yue lie around him curiously.

"I know it when I go there?"

Yue lie himself was still in a state of consternation. This time he finally calmed down a little. When listening to Tian liuhan asking him, he said in a bad breath, thinking that ghost knows what it is?

"Go, go and see?"

Liu Han couldn't suppress his curiosity. He took Yue lie to see him. As soon as he changed his coarse spirit, he immediately regained his vitality.

"Er... Why don't you go, I'm a little weak!"

Yue lie really didn't want to go. The breath from the man and the woman made him afraid. It was too powerful and mysterious. People said that the most terrible thing was unknown. He instinctively had some platoon, and his legs didn't keep up with each other.

"You're useless. What are you afraid of? Go and have a look? "

Liu Han refused to give up, and forced to pull Yue lie to di Ping's place.

But when Liu Han pulls Yue lie to the scene, Diping and Gina have taken out all the crystal nuclei in the heads of the six mutant dogs. Gina gives all the crystal nuclei to di Ping. Di Ping takes out a bottle of water from the bag and fills it in the bag.

They only saw a few white things. Liu Han gave Yue lie a bad look. He seemed to blame him for walking so slowly that he didn't see anything.

Originally, he wanted to ask, but when he saw the corpse of a mutant dog in a place, he immediately closed his mouth. Although his spirit was thick, it did not mean that he was a fool, so he had to press down the curiosity in his heart.

Yue lie's eyes were always looking at the corpse of the mutant dog on the ground, but his eyes were a little erratic. Looking at the mutant dog lying on the ground, which they were afraid of as a tiger, he turned into a corpse lying here, which was not ferocious before. At the same time, he was full of thoughts.

Who is this man and a woman? How can they be so fierce? Killing mutant dogs is like chopping vegetables. They seem to be covered with a layer of fog, which makes people can't see clearly. How can such a man appear here? He is a man of the earth?

Or is he an alien? Or a hidden martial arts expert?

Yue lie's head is in a mess at this time. He is dizzy and full of thoughts. He can't calm down and think about anything. He used to be a think tank for his brothers in a group of friends, but at this time, he felt that he was not enough.

From time to time, his eyes floated to the man standing in the middle of the street with his sword in his hand. His body was like a pine tree standing upright, but he was a man with no blood on his body. Yue lie's heart was suddenly shocked. His eyes suddenly burst into a blaze, and his face showed a color of joy. It was as if he saw the sun after the rain, and the boat saw the land in the sea.

Di Ping put the crystal nucleus in place. Looking up, he saw that the two students in the supermarket actually ran out. At first, he was a little relieved that they didn't let themselves down. When their eyes were facing Yue lie's burning eyes, they suddenly felt that the chrysanthemum was tight and shivered with cold in their hearts."This guy doesn't have a special hobby, does he? Or is there a man looking at a man? "

Di Ping thought in his mind that it would be wrong to look at Yue lie's eyes again. Although he has no prejudice against people with this habit, don't look at me like this. I'm a good young man living under the banner of social hero, and my sexual orientation is absolutely normal.

All of a sudden, Yue lie's eyes suddenly changed. He seemed to have made some determination and became firm. He ran a few steps to di Ping.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!