Chapter 69

Han Zhongguo doesn't want to talk to ge Zhongping, but he has to stand up for the lives of thousands of people on the base. He can't ignore the lives of these people. This is not his idea of Han Zhongguo.

"Everybody, I think you all know the seriousness of the situation. It's time to die! What should I do? "

Han Zhongguo stood up and swept through the room with sharp eyes. His voice was calm and powerful. The room was humming, which attracted everyone's attention. Then he hit the table with one blow and said in a deep voice, "the food is not enough to support us. We are waiting. The military region can't send any strength to rescue. Then we must help ourselves."

"Does vice mayor Han have a good idea?"

When GE Zhongping saw that Han Zhongguo had attracted people's attention as soon as he spoke, he was immediately discontented. He didn't want Han Zhongguo to steal the limelight, so he immediately answered and asked.

"I don't know if it's a good way, but I know. If you don't, everyone will die!"

Han Zhongguo didn't look at GE Zhongping, just a light way.

Ge Zhongping was ignored by Han Zhongguo, and his head was full of smoke. However, he was also a man with deep thoughts. The smoke in his hands shook and his anger was suppressed. He sat there smoking a stuffy cigarette and did not speak.

"Vice Mayor Han, if you have any opinions, please tell me! No matter what, it's impossible to wait like this! Don't you think so

At this time, Lu Guoliang, Secretary General of the municipal Party committee, finally spoke up. Listening to this tone, he clearly supported Han Zhongguo.

Ge Zhongping's heart sank suddenly. He knew that Lu Guoliang was neutral at ordinary times, but the neutral faction basically listened to him. It can be said that he was the absolute center among these people. However, he did not know how this silent and neutral person suddenly took his stand so clearly today.

"Yes, if it goes on like this, isn't it just waiting for death?"

An official said in a cold voice, smoking a cigarette.

"Yes! This day and day, we have to starve to death without eating or drinking, without the attack of mutant dogs? "

Another one put out the cigarette in his hand and said with a worried face.

"I think it has to be changed. Look at the days we live every day!"

As soon as the words were finished, someone went on blowing his beard and yelling.

As soon as Lu Guoliang spoke, people who were usually neutral were shouting and shouting, and the whole conference hall was in chaos. Ge Zhongping's hands trembled and the corners of his eyes kept twitching.

"Pa!"

Ge Zhongping's anger surged up and slapped the table. His eyes swept over the crowd, and his voice was full of angry exclamations! That's like a national cadre! "

Originally noisy people were frightened by GE Zhongping's momentum. We should know that GE Zhongping's strength can be famous in the city, and he controls the power of the base in the last world. These people really dare not make a fuss with him openly, so they have to keep quiet.

"What's the opinion of Vice Mayor Han?"

Seeing that all of them dodged their own eyes, Ge Zhongping looked at Han Zhongguo with satisfaction, and his eyes flashed away slightly.

"Good! Let me talk about it! "

Han Zhongguo didn't seem to see the complacency in Ge Zhongping's eyes. He knocked his teacup heavily on the table, which made his tone low.

"Now the mutant dogs surround the base, but there is no way to rescue. We have to save ourselves. It's a dead end to wait. I don't think we have any doubt about this?" When Han Zhongguo finished, his eyes swept over the crowd and saw that everyone nodded, including Ge Zhongping. Then he continued.

"The base now has a population of thousands, and we can't even run. If we take these people to break through, our troops will not be able to defend. In the broad streets, we are not the opponents of mutant dogs, we can only be defeated by each one!"

Han Zhongguo's voice reverberated in the room, and everyone's eyes flickered. They all knew that Han Zhongguo was telling the truth, but he had no choice but to hide here and wait. But now there is no food left. If you wait, you don't need to mutate and kill dogs. You will starve to death here. So people listen to Han Zhongguo's talk, it seems that there is a way. Everyone looks at the hope Go to him.

"So, we have to kill these mutant dogs!"

Suddenly with a fist, Han Zhong's tone changed and he threw out a bomb. The bomb was like a chain reaction in a powder magazine. The room was in chaos.

"No! Who will kill the mutant dog! International jokes

"Yes! Deputy mayor Han, are you kidding? What are you going to kill? If we can kill us, we can be driven here to hide in the ground like rats and wait to die! "

"What's the idea? I think it's nonsense!"

At this time, people who were inclined to ge Zhongping heard Han Zhongguo's comments and immediately sneered.

Ge Zhongping didn't speak. He just watched the people in the scene. He was not calm. He felt that things were beyond his control. Why was it that only his own people were noisy at this time? The leader was Lu Hai, while Han Zhongguo's faction, including Lu Guoliang's neutral faction, did not speak and watched quietly.Have these people united to pass through each other?

Otherwise, why did he behave so calm? The idea came out, and Ge Zhongping suddenly came out with a cold sweat on his back.

He couldn't figure out how these people were united. It seemed that there was no sign of how they were united. How could they not be united? The more he thought about it, the more afraid he was. He took a deep breath of smoke and wanted to calm himself down. If so, it would be a big deal.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!