Chapter 62

The three of them chatted with each other!

Although Yue lie is more mature, he is still a little bit tender than di Ping, who has been in the market for two or three years, not to mention Liu Han, who is very smart and big.

after a while, he would like to urinate a few times and shake his bed clean, not to mention the situation in the base.

All the people in the base fled here after the last government retreat. Originally, there were only 500 or 600 people. Finally, people who slowly scattered gathered together, and the number has exceeded 1000.

at first, there was a supermarket in the shopping mall, and there was a lot of food, including vegetables, oil, and bread and biscuits in the warehouse.

The base is led by a Ge Zhongping and a dozen or so officials who have not been removed. He is already the highest level official here when all the senior officials in the province are removed with the company.

Nearly a hundred policemen who failed to withdraw were naturally subject to the leadership's management. Although the police's weapons were not as good as those of the military, their deterrent power was enough for ordinary people, and Ge Zhongping naturally became the highest power owner here.

At the beginning, when there was no shortage of food, Ge Zhongping and the management were quite good at doing things. Everyone had food and drink. Everyone thought that this person was a good leader and could consider the people.

However, we should know that the daily consumption of thousands of people is very terrible. The food in the supermarket is consumed at a very fast speed. When GE Zhongping and the management feel that things are wrong and there is not much food left after checking, many people stop doing it. In particular, some police officers who are not so good in quality take the lead in making trouble and ask them to stop the distribution of food and give them priority to these guarantees People who protect the underground base.

Although there are some police with conscience against it, there are still only a few people who have no voice at all. In fact, the power of Ge Zhongping and the management comes from the support of these policemen. Only when these people have guns can they frighten thousands of people in the underground base.

They also understood that they could not lose the support of these people, or their leaders would have to step down at any time, so they agreed with these people's opinions and the food began to be saved.

It's not good to save money! Consumption is also very fast!

So these people have bad ideas!

Let the strong people go out to look for food, or they will not only stop the food supply, but also can't guarantee the safety, so they have to drive out.

although the people in the base are against it, who dares to go out and die, but these people have guns in their hands. After killing several people who lead the trouble, the base people understand that they can't resist, they can only accept it, if they don't go out to look for food, they can only go hungry People don't suffer from hunger at all. It's OK to starve for three days and two days. No one can stand it for a long time!

The base formed one search team after another, one by one went out to look for food. Although some people couldn't come back every day, sometimes the people in the team left their lives outside, but hunger would make people crazy. They would forget their fear and still go out to look for food.

However, even if they found food, they found that when they arrived at the base, the managers of the base actually asked them to hand in the food, and then only let them keep a small part of it. Although these people were very angry, no one dared to resist. They could only bear it in silence. If they did not give it, they would not be allowed to enter the gathering place.

Moreover, these people seem to be more and more adapted to the end of the world, not only confiscating food, but also using food to lure hungry women in the base to satisfy their own selfish desires.

with the passage of time, they seem to enjoy the pleasure of power. These people become more and more aggressive and even focus on the beautiful women in the base openly, while the people in the base dare not speak out.

The silence of all the people encouraged their arrogance. They regarded themselves as the king in the end of the world and wantonly released their inner darkness. Fortunately, Han Zhongguo, a Deputy City chief in charge of agriculture and forestry, and a part of the police with conscience resisted all the time. However, the number of people was limited, and the weapons and equipment were not comparable to each other. The other side also had scruples and did not dare to fight for fear of two defeats Hurt, more afraid that a fight will lead to mutant animals, so also dare not too much to stimulate these people.

But there are always women who are too hungry to accept the food, and once these women can't stand their temptation to enter the urn, they will be destroyed.

Ge Zhongping also began to degenerate, allowing these people to come around. He himself also enjoyed the best resources and possessed the most beautiful women. He seemed to enjoy the present time more. He wantonly used his power without restraint.

If he wasn't trapped here and couldn't get out, he really wanted to live like this every day. It was like being oppressed by various forces before the end of the world, and everything he wanted to do was supervised and controlled. It was better for him to do what he wanted.

Listening to the two men's indignation, di Ping's heart was filled with anger. Before Wang Delin, several people lost their conscience and released their inner darkness. Now there are underground bases. These people, under the pressure of doomsday, not only did they not take care of each other in the face of crisis, but they were controlled by their own inner desires and became greedy I don't know how hard they are to do these evil things.

Di Ping felt that his blood was boiling, and his anger was about to burn. A strong desire to kill rose from his body. In his heart, he had sentenced these people to death. Although he did not want to kill, some people could not be counted as human beings. Even animals were not like them. Living was also polluting the air.He is not a God, not a Yama, nor a god Buddha, but he would rather incarnate the angry eyed King Kong to get rid of these evils for the world!

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!