Chapter 74

Originally, many people thought it was a mutant lion, but when the light re shine on the monster, they could see that it was a Tibetan mastiff, a very large Tibetan mastiff.

His body is black and fluffy like a lion. His mouth is open and closed with four long teeth about ten centimeters in length. His long tongue is hanging out of his mouth and his saliva is dripping on the ground. It is even more terrifying in the quiet underground shopping mall, as if the blood is dripping from the heart.

Two table tennis size eyes flash red and green light, showing strange ferocity, but anyone who has been swept by its eyes will feel cold and have no courage to look at it.

The Tibetan mastiff is ferocious and aggressive. Sometimes even its owner will attack it. After mutation, it becomes more terrible. All people, including Han Zhongguo, are cold all over the body, and their legs and stomach are trembling. They are almost ready to retreat, but their final reason makes him stop.

The mutated Tibetan mastiff growled in a low voice, staring at the people behind the frame. Like the ancient demon, the Tibetan mastiff exudes a violent and desolate atmosphere. It moves forward step by step. Every step seems to step on everyone's heart, which makes the heart blood flow backward. Every step further, all people step back. Even though they are separated from the frame, they can't feel safe.

"Shoot... Shoot!"

At this time, Han Zhongguo resisted his fear and ordered to shoot. He did not dare to wait. If he waited, everyone would be scared out of his heart by the momentum of the Tibetan mastiff and would not dare to resist.

"Pa pa..."

several random gunshots were heard, and the police team hiding in the frame was also nervous. On hearing Han Zhongguo's order, some people started shooting indiscriminately. However, these people had already been frightened and shivered all over, and their guns could not be held. Only two or three shots were hit by scattered shots.

But what is frightening is that the bullet shot into the hair of the Tibetan mastiff, like an arrow into the grass, disappeared in a moment, while the Tibetan mastiff did not even move, but still approached the frame step by step.

"Ah! Guns are useless

At this time, someone from the policeman who had just shot suddenly exclaimed. With this cry, everyone was stunned and the gun could not be fired. What can we do.

"Ouch..."

suddenly, the Tibetan mastiff seems to be irritated by the shooting just now, and a roar is heard. All of a sudden, the underground shopping mall is like a blast of thunder. The sound waves of shock make the concrete ceiling vibrate, and many walls fall off.

However, some timid and frail people were stunned by the sound, and the people behind the frame were directly shocked. The sound was like a wave of air, which made everyone step backward and covered their ears with shrieks.

After the Tibetan mastiff screamed, its body bowed violently, its limbs pedaled on the ground, and the concrete on the ground cracked, and its body like a mammoth rushed to the frame.

"Kaka..."

the originally hard angle iron seems to have turned into dead wood at this time. Under the impact of the variant Tibetan mastiff, the whole frame began to shake and deform violently. The policemen hiding on it were unable to keep standing, and fell off the frame one after another. At this time, the Gunners who were originally in the left and right passages also withdrew in a hurry.

Every time the Tibetan mastiff collides, it will cause the frame of three or four meters to break, and its sharp claws, every time it crosses, the angle iron will be as soft as tofu, and it will break one after another. The frame is shaken more and more fiercely, and the broken part is bigger and bigger, and it is gradually approaching the end of the frame frame.

At this time, all the people stood behind the frame about ten meters away, looking at it quietly. Their faces were full of despair. When the door broke, they still ran there. There was no place to hide. They helped each other and seemed to be waiting for the fate to come.

Han Zhongguo, Ge Zhongping and others were all pale at this time. They didn't expect how things would change so badly. They just saw how the hope of life was destroyed so quickly. How could such a terrifying mutant dog appear? The victory was in sight, but it was like falling into hell at this time.

"It's over..." Ge Zhongping's intestines are about to Regret Qing. He quickly scolded Han Zhongguo to death in his heart. If he hadn't followed Han Zhongguo's advice, how could he have died? He had already known that he would have given his suggestion no, but now everything is over.

Heaven and hell are so close, only between the line.

·················

after a few people had a rest in the hotel, they ate something and drank some water. After about ten minutes' delay, Diping took several people out of the hotel again. It was already noon. He did not dare to waste his time. If things were difficult to do at night, he had to take advantage of the day to remove the danger of the base.

Just a few hundred meters away from the market, at most a kilometer away, they suddenly heard the clear sound of gunfire coming from the direction of the shopping mall, and the gunfire broke into a piece. It seemed that there were more than a dozen guns shooting, and the gunfire was mixed and disordered. Several people looked at each other and felt nervous.

"What happened?"

Yue lie listened to it, and his face suddenly changed.

"Go

What Di Ping heard was more real. The sound of the gun was mixed with the screams of animals. He knew that something had happened. He quickly called on the people to run to the mall with a sword in hand.

·················

"boom"

with the last loud noise, the mutant Tibetan mastiff finally broke through the frame barrier and walked towards the crowd. All the people were scared, only trembling. Some people even cried in a low voice, but no one dared to run, not to run, but to run there.After the variation of Tibetan mastiff, more than a dozen mutant dogs also followed in, slowly surrounded all the people, and their bloody and ferocious eyes were staring at the crowd, and they were likely to attack and bite at any time.

Han Zhongguo closed his eyes powerlessly. At this time, his heart was full of helplessness and pain. No matter how hard he tried to escape with the people from the underground base, everything was futile in front of the powerful force. No matter how hard he struggled, he finally fell into the dog's mouth!

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!