Chapter 79

"Come again!"

All of a sudden, di Ping burst out with a fury. The fury was like the smoke and dust around him, which made the viewer unable to open his eyes.

"Ouao"

it seems that the variant Tibetan mastiff did not expect that di Ping would stand up quickly. He was not hurt by his own attack. He also called out angrily and rushed to di Ping.

"Collision"

Di Ping's body is moving, like a Tyrannosaurus Rex, shooting like lightning. His speed is too fast, and he crosses the limit of space like a blink. The shadow is still in place. People have come to the mutated Tibetan mastiff, and the mutated Tibetan Mastiff in the air has no time to react. Di Ping has already rushed into its arms, just like iron mountain against the hard shoulders and elbows Jaw.

"Bang"

a thunderous sound sounded, and the mutant Tibetan mastiff screamed, flying upside down, and blood splashed in the air.

All the people watching this scene were shocked. Is this still human?

It's not a Tyrannosaurus Rex or something. It's totally out of proportion. Just like you can see a person's big elephant flying, how can you not let people's eyes drop. They just don't know that the furious Diping gave full play to this collision, which hit four or six kilos. Let alone this variant Tibetan mastiff, it's really a big head image.

"Collision"

at this time, di Ping was as wild as a tiger. His body was once again activated by his skills. His whole body gathered strength, his feet pounded fiercely, and his body shot at the mutant Tibetan mastiff which was still in the air like a shell.

"Bang"

"KaKa"

there was another violent crash sound. The mutant Tibetan mastiff was hit by Di Ping in the middle of the air, as if hit by a train head-on. The huge body flew out again at a faster speed, accompanied by the sound of bone fracture.

"Bang"

variation Tibetan mastiff's huge body hit a thick concrete column in the underground shopping mall.

"Ao Ao"

the mutant Tibetan mastiff uttered a shrill scream, and blood gushed from its mouth as if it didn't need money.

"Collision"

Di Ping's body is full of blood. I don't know whether it's his own or the variant Tibetan mastiff's, but at this time, he starts the collision skill again with his eyes filled with blood.

He only felt the pain of tearing his body, but he didn't care about it at this time. His body shot out again, like a raging bull, crashing into the mutated Tibetan mastiff which was about to slide down with the wind.

"Bang"

"Ka"

a huge noise sounded in the underground shopping mall, and the whole column was also buzzing and shaking. At some time, all the people in the hall felt that the earth seemed to shake, and at the same time, the variation Tibetan mastiff's body bones also made a crack sound.

"Poof"

more blood gushed from the mouth of the mutant Tibetan mastiff as if it didn't need money. At this time, its blood red eyes lost their divine color, and its body slowly slipped down from the pillar.

"I'll let you bite, I'll let you bite!"

At this time, di Ping was like a maniac. He grabbed the long hair of the mutant Tibetan mastiff, pressed its huge head on the ground, and smashed it down with his hammer like fist.

"Bang"

"bang"

"bang"

a sound like the sound of a heavy hammer hitting the ground sounded in the whole underground shopping mall. Everyone in the underground shopping Mall looked at di Ping with wide eyes. Every punch fell, everyone trembled, as if the fist had hit them. The crazy dipin was more frightening than the mutant dog.

Blood splashed on the wall on the ground. There was blood all over Di Ping's body, and some of them even flew to many people's feet. At this moment, it seemed that there was a strong virus in this drop of blood, and all of them retreated in fear of being infected with it.

"Master! It's dead

At this time, a soft hand pressed on Diping's shoulder, and the soft voice flowed from this hand to Diping's whole body. The cold air flow was like a trickle. Every time you passed by, you were the hand of the peace emissary, calmed down the irascible breath. After the last cold burst into his mind, dipin woke up from his angry mouth.

When I saw that I was covered with blood and the ground had been smashed like blood mud by myself, I felt disgusted. I knew how crazy I was just now. I must have been possessed again. If Gina hadn't come to comfort herself in time, I would have had an accident today. I might have attacked all the people around me.

Grateful look back at Gina, see Gina concern in the eyes, this forced to pull the corner of his mouth to Gina a a reassuring smile, but he did not know that his smile is worse than crying.

A bottle of water was handed to di Ping. Di Ping knew it was Gina, but he was not polite. He washed the blood on his hands and face. He didn't need to look at the mirror light and mutate the Tibetan mastiff's shapeless corpse on the ground. He knew how terrible and crazy he was just now. His hands and clothes were dyed red with blood. How could there be no blood on his face.

Wash hands and face, a small white hand with several paper towels to wipe the water stains on his face, looking at Gina close at hand, white face with ruddy, eyes focused and concerned looking at dipin's face, gently inhaled a faint fragrance, straight to dipin's nostrils, let his mind instantly change calm.From the fury just now slowly calmed down, at this time, he did not have a bit of love, quietly looking at the little girl recruited by his own people from other countries. At this time, he was less immature, but more mature and tender.

"Thank you, Zina!"

Dipin smiles at Gina and thanks. She reaches out to take the tissue in her hand. Her eyes are all real.

"Master, please don't say that. It's Gina's job!"

Gina was taken away from her hand by Diping, and her fingers were touched by Diping. Her face turned red and she drew back her hand. When she heard Diping's words, she immediately replied in a flustered way, but her eyes were wandering and she did not dare to look at Diping's eyes.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!