Chapter 80

At this time, Diping suddenly felt a pain all over his body, and the pain became more and more clear and intense, as if every muscle was being torn. The strong pain made Diping's teeth chatter and gurgle.

"Bang"

the mineral water in di Ping's hand was broken and burst by his grip, and the water splashed everywhere. But at this time, he had no feeling at all. A wave of pain made him lose his consciousness of the outside world. His hands clenched because of pain, and the blue veins on his arm were protruding, just like the strong roots of a tree.

"HMM...

a grunt came out from the cleft of dipin's clenched teeth, and the sweat on his head and body suddenly gushed out and dripped down from his forehead. At this time, the clothes that were originally stained with blood became moist.

"What's the matter with you, master?"

Gina also found that Diping's condition was not right. She hurried forward to hold her body shaking and shaking. Her eyes were full of concern. At this time, Diping heard Gina's voice, but she didn't even have the strength to speak. He didn't dare to loosen his clenched teeth. He was afraid that once he loosened it, he would cry out in pain.

Gina held dipin and felt that his body was shaking with intense pain. She seemed to understand something. She sank her throat and stretched out her right hand. Suddenly, a white light appeared in her hand, just like a white light bulb. Gina's white fingers were even brighter and brighter.

The white light gathered more and more thick, as if it was a white fog. It seemed to feel almost the same. Gina gently pressed her hand on dipin's chest. The white light seemed to find the entrance and quickly sank into dipin's body.

White light has been into Diping's body, his whole person immediately a shock, because of pain and twisted eyebrows also began to slowly stretch, expression also flat down, not so distorted.

He suddenly felt that his body was about to collapse, and he felt a cool air. The cool air was like the spring morning breeze blowing over his body. The movement was so gentle, so gentle, as gentle as a lover's finger. Every time she passed, her muscles beating like tears were quickly brushed down, and the pain was slowly dissipated.

At the sight of dipin's extended brow, Gina's face finally showed a ray of joy. His magic concentration and tranquility could restore magic and vitality, have certain therapeutic effect, and can improve people's spirit and purify negative state.

According to di Ping's painful state and the soothing expression after magic treatment, she knows what happened to Diping.

The coolness came and went quickly, but after ten seconds, the whole body disappeared, and the pain immediately surged up like a tide. Di Ping could not help it for a moment, and then let out a painful hum.

Gina's hands flashed again, and the holy white light went to dipin's body as if spiritually. With the white light entering the body, Diping's eyebrows relaxed again. In this way, Gina applied four times of concentration and tranquility, and dipin recovered from the pain. However, Gina was sweating and her body began to tremble slightly.

She has lost a lot of mental strength in killing the mutant dogs just now, but now she has forced to cast five spells. Her weak mental strength is not enough to support her. She has reached the limit. She is not supported by willpower. She has already fallen down.

"All right, Zina! I'm fine! "

Dipin felt the pain was not so obvious. He could bear it. Looking at Gina again, she frowned, her eyes were wide, and she was shaking. She started to cast her fifth magic. He grabbed the palm of Gina's hand to stop Gina. Looking at Gina, who had some blurred vision at this time, his heart was full of emotion. His hands gently pushed Gina's scattered hair and put her forehead Wipe off the sweat.

"Master, you frighten Gina

At this time, Gina couldn't support it any more. She leaned slowly against Di Ping's arms and looked at her tenderly. Her voice was soft and weak, and she seemed to say every word was very tired.

Di Ping felt a pang of pity in his heart. He hugged Gina's boneless body and smelled the faint fragrance. At this time, he only cherished Gina, without any thoughts. He took Gina half in his arms, and slowly walked to the wall, fell on the ground, picked up the sofa and put it back again. Then he helped Gina sit down and let her rest on the sofa.

"Gina, have a rest! Don't worry, I'm all right! "

Di Ping whispered in Gina's ear, and gently brushed Gina's head.

"Good master

Gina nodded obediently, and then slowly sat down on the sofa with her legs crossed. In fact, her ears were red at this time, but she was buried in the black robe. Dipin could not see her. She liked the gentle concern of the master, which made her feel very comfortable. At the same time, it also made her very shy. She had to use breathing to calm her agitation.

Looking at Gina cross legged breath, Diping stood up again, took out his broken sword from the ground, and sighed a long time!

The Han sword, which accompanied him through life and death, finally came to an end. Although the Han sword could not keep up with his own progress, he was a nostalgic man, and he was still reluctant to give up looking at the broken Han Jian.

After a while, he finally found a white jade bead about the size of a bunting egg. The white jade bead was as white as clotting fat and emitting a mysterious and soft light. The jade bead was miraculous, and there was not a trace of blood on the mouth of the blood. It was like a pure white jade with mud but not dyed Lotus, the holy makes people can't move their eyes.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!