Chapter 77

Shaking his numb palms, Diping suddenly laughed. Instead of being afraid, he felt a strong sense of war, which was like a raging fire burning in his chest, and his Qi and blood gushed like a raging lake.

"Ha ha... Happy... Come again!"

Di Ping roared, and his Qi and blood were surging. He held the sword in his back and forced his legs to squat slightly. Then he ejected like a spring.

The mutated Tibetan mastiff was not hurt by Di Ping's sword, but the strong impact made it dizzy and dizzy, which made it extremely angry. Unexpectedly, this little human could hurt himself. When he saw that di Ping yelled at him again, he immediately roared and rushed out.

"Dang..."

a sound of steel collision sounded, and the sword cut by Di Ping was about to cut the head of the mutant Tibetan mastiff again. However, it was blocked by the sharp claws of the mutant dog. The sharp claw was like a sharp knife. When it met with the Han sword, it gave out the sound of gold and iron. The straight shaking sword was leaning to the upper side. However, the bloody mouth of the mutant Tibetan mastiff fiercely bit Di Ping's neck.

"Not good!"

Di Ping was surprised. He didn't expect that the mutant Tibetan mastiff was so cunning that he would not touch him at all. Instead, he bit himself with his own sword. He scolded himself in his heart, but did not dare to delay.

With a strong stench in his mouth, he was about to bite his own head. Many battles of life and death made Diping react quickly. His mind turned rapidly. Suddenly, his body dodged away from the mouth of the bloody basin by the collision of his sword and claw, and his right knee fiercely went up to the top, which was in the mandible of the variant Tibetan mastiff.

"Bang"

with a muffled sound, the mutant Tibetan mastiff flew out sideways with a scream. We should know that di Ping's power was so frightening that it was not only a heavy blow, but also the soft part of the mutated Tibetan mastiff's jaw. The heavy blow made a heel, and blood began to flow from the mouth.

"Deng Deng......"

but the same strong shock made Di Ping retreat a few steps. At this time, he was still in fear. If he had just slowed down a little and had to die of blood, we should know that the biting force of Tibetan mastiff is amazing, and it is very difficult for him to get rid of it once he bites.

He calmed down his mood and looked at the sword. The sound of collision just now was so loud that he felt numb in his ears and worried that the sword would go wrong. He suddenly changed color. The sword actually had three huge gaps in the sharp claws of the Tibetan mastiff. It is hard to imagine that the refined Han sword could not compare with the sharp claw.

In his heart, he didn't expect that the claws of the mutant Tibetan mastiff were so dangerous. If he had just patted himself, he would definitely be injured. In this battle, he did not dare to be careless and take out the spirit of 12 points. In this battle, he could only win. He gently shook his sword and fixed his eyes on the mutant Tibetan mastiff.

The variant Tibetan mastiff is not very well at this time. The blow just made was really heavy. The blood flowing out of the corner of the mouth can show that it was not light just now.

"Ouao..."

with a long roar from the sky, the Tibetan mastiff seems to be aroused by Di Ping's madness. The hair of the whole body explodes violently, and a strong momentum rushes out of the body. The dust on the ground is swept by the gale, blowing up the dust all over the sky, and a layer of blood red suddenly appears, as if the whole body is covered with bright red blood, and the bloody eyes are full of crazy killing intention.

"Furious!"

Di Ping saw this situation and immediately exclaimed. He knew that it was a variation of Tibetan mastiff's violent skills, otherwise there would not be such a sudden giant turn.

At this time, the combat power of the mutant Tibetan mastiff is rising in a straight line, but not in the speed of the whole session. Moreover, it will become more crazy and fearless of pain. At this time, it will be silly to fight with it again. Looking at the mutated Tibetan mastiff, di Ping also waves his sword.

"Flame enhancement"

a flame appeared on the long sword, and the burning heat came to his face. Di Ping launched the flame intensification. He could not hurt the mutant Tibetan mastiff simply by chopping, so he had to use the flame strengthening skill.

At this time, people are stupefied. What the mysterious black robed man just released should be magic, right?

What makes the mutant dog glow red all over his body? What is the young man's speed like the wind and the flame burning on the sword just now?

This completely subverts people's cognition. How can things that only appear in movies or novels appear in this world? What's wrong with the world?

All people, at this time have no fear, but are occupied by a strong sense of curiosity!

Han Zhongguo and Ge Zhongping, two people who usually do not deal with each other, suddenly have a sharp look at each other. There is a certain kind of spark in their eyes. Only after they stop for a while, they quickly move to see what they are thinking. No one knows what they are thinking. Maybe only they know it themselves.

It is said that many words, in fact, time is like a flash!

The mutated Tibetan mastiff once again fell silent and rushed to di Ping with a gust of wind. His sharp front paws flashed cold light like a sharp blade, cutting through the air. With the sound of the broken wind, the Tibetan mastiff inclined to di Ping's shoulders.

"Chopping..."

Di Ping didn't dare to neglect. He stepped on the ground and dodged quickly to the right, while the sword tilted up and swept the soft abdomen of the mutant Tibetan mastiff.

"Damn it!"

The mutated Tibetan mastiff's reaction is very fast. The huge body suddenly breaks in the air and dodges the sword. However, the two hind legs suddenly push to di Ping's abdomen. Di Ping scolds him secretly, and then he retreats quickly, so he can't escape."Ouch..."

before Di Ping could stand firm, the mutant Tibetan mastiff had just landed on the ground, and its body shape turned upside down. The head of the Tibetan mastiff bit Diping again. It was as fast as lightning, and the bloody mouth was in front of him in an instant.

"Bang..."

there was no time to dodge. Di Ping's subconscious leg lifting was just a foot, and he stepped on the mandible of the variant Tibetan mastiff again. Although he was a random foot, his strength was terrible.

"Ouao......"

a pain flashed in the eyes of the mutant Tibetan mastiff, and then flew out with a scream.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!