Chapter 71

"What does Vice Mayor Ge think of the plan? Can it be implemented? "

Just as GE Zhongping was thinking wildly, Han Zhongguo's voice came.

"A show of hands, then."

Ge Zhongping woke up from Hu Sizhong and knew that the matter was irreparable. However, he did not give up in the end and wanted to have variables in the vote.

"Good! A show of hands! "

Han Zhongguo himself did not expect Ge Zhongping to agree. It was just what he wanted to vote on a show of hands, so he agreed.

"All right, then." Ge Zhongping felt powerless and knocked down the table with his finger. Then he looked at the crowd and said, "please raise your hand if you agree with Vice Mayor Han's plan!"

"Hula!"

Han Zhongguo was the first to raise his hand, followed by two people of Han Zhongguo's family. When Lu Guoliang raised his hand slowly, Ge Zhongping felt that his eyes were dark. He knew that his guess had come true. As expected, Lu Guoliang raised his hand, and all the six neutral people raised their hands.

At this time, only Ge Zhongping, Lu Hai, and four members of his faction did not raise their hands. However, it does not matter whether they raise their hands or not. Ten to five is absolutely overwhelming.

Ge Zhongping had no choice but to raise his hand slowly. After all, he was a leader. If he stood opposite to everyone else, he would be isolated. If he could not, he had to raise his hand. However, his heart was full of frustration. Several people from Lu Hai were staring at GE Zhongping with their eyes. When he raised his hand, the five people could only agree with him.

"Good! It's all through! "

Han Zhongguo said in a loud voice, although he tried to suppress the joy in his heart, he could still hear the excitement in his voice.

Later, people still planned the next step. Ge Zhongping finally tried to set up a temporary working group. The working group was composed of four members, Ge Zhongping, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang. Finally, Lu Hai was pulled into the working group by GE Zhongping. Han Zhongguo and Han Zhongguo also knew that they could not force them too quickly. Finally, they agreed. In this way, the four members of the group became a draw, and the next step would appear again Nobody knows what's going on.

Not to mention that these people are really serious, and they are very effective in doing things. Moreover, there are hundreds of people in Al Qaeda who started to dismantle the shelves and then set up shelves at the entrance of shopping malls under the arrangement of two experts.

The shelves are divided into individual units, and then connected with angle iron and screws, a narrow passage that can only allow one person to pass through is built along the gate, and the frame made of angle iron is all around. The frame is tightly supported on the wall, forming a huge and strange building like a bird's nest.

The framework uses the physical principle and is very solid. More than a dozen people stand in the channel and push hard. The frame does not move. The staggered frame forms a whole and enhances the stability. These experts are useful, but they can help in this professional field.

In the morning, the supermarket shelves were demolished, and the result was that a large frame with a length of 30 meters, a width of 5 meters, a height of 3 meters was built at the entrance of the underground shopping mall. In the middle of the frame, only one person could pass through, and another channel was opened on both sides, so that people could enter and kill the mutant dogs entering the middle passage.

After a busy morning, it's over!

They did not dare to waste time. They did not dare to destroy the mutant dogs and look for food. More people would die of starvation tomorrow. Therefore, the framework was confirmed by two experts. The police team organized here also took their positions quickly, holding guns to all positions of the framework. Moreover, 200 young people were organized to take their own long guns and enter the channel to kill the mutant dogs at any time 。

For a time, the air in the base can smell the tense smell, and everyone is waiting, waiting for the blocked gate to open. No one knows whether to live or not.

It's hard to predict how much effect this framework can play. Han Zhongguo is sweating on his head at this time. Ge Zhongping is holding a handkerchief and wiping the sweat on his head. At this time, he scolds Han Zhongguo's ancestors for 18 generations. At this time, he knows that he can only trust him.

At this time, it was nearly noon. The sun was high in the middle of the sky, and the strong sunlight was shining on the street. Di Ping and his party were very close to the base. They came to yuelie's two hidden hotels last time, and they entered the hotel for a rest.

In the middle of the day, dipin, who had been away for a whole morning and had two battles, had to rest. There was still a bigger battle waiting for him in the square. He had to be energetic.

At this time, all the people in the base are holding their breath to look at the gate. At this time, three people are tearing down the protective wall that has been built before. As the protective wall is gradually taken apart and a little light penetrates in, everyone's heart is seized.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!