Chapter 72

"Boom"

with a loud noise, the last obstacle blocking the gate of the underground shopping mall was pulled down by three people with ropes. This collapse became a chain reaction, and a ray of light came in outside the gate.

"Wang Wang"

as soon as the obstacle fell, a fierce dog barking came from outside. As soon as the three wall breaking workers heard the dog barking, they immediately yelled, turned around and ran to the passage. The speed was as fast as that.

"Woof"

at this time, the roar of the mutant dog was already at the door, and then a dark shadow blocked the entrance. The light was dark in the passage. A huge ferocious dog's head came in, and his red eyes were shining. When he saw the crowd behind the frame, he immediately raised his head and roared.

"Ow..."

the long howl reverberated in the underground shopping mall, and the ears of all the people were buzzing. Many people were scared and screamed directly. Some people blocked their ears, and the crowd behind the frame involuntarily retreated, and their faces were pale.

It's a good plan, and it's easy to think about it, but in the face of such a terrifying mutant dog, the courage aroused by everyone is rapidly fading away.

"Ouch..."

at this time, there was a roar from outside, which seemed to echo this side. Then, we heard the roars from the outside, and they were getting closer and closer. It seemed that they were moving towards this side rapidly.

"What to do, what to do! We can all spell it? "

Someone's voice trembles to say, the footstep is a little bit backward.

"Shall we run? Hide

A pale man on the edge murmured, "run there!"

A woman's face was as gray as if her body had been emptied to lean against the wall and her eyes were blank.

"I said don't do this thing, it's useless!"

Some people are actually complaining, resenting the people who came up with this idea and taking themselves to death.

"Yes, it's just that they want to kill the mutant dog, regardless of our life or death!"

"I can't keep it. We're done!"

At this time, the crowd was frightened by the roar of the crowd and retreated. Some people could not hold their weapons. They screamed in panic. Some complained, some regretted, and some were ashen. They had the courage to fight.

Those policemen were not as good as they were. Although they were armed with guns, their hands were shaking. If it was not for the last trace of reason, they would have retreated.

"Brothers and sisters! Put down your fear and settle down! Listen to me

All of a sudden, Han Zhongguo jumped onto a table, looked at the panic stricken crowd that was close to collapse and yelled, seeing the helpless people focusing on themselves, he yelled again:

"brothers and sisters, to tell you the truth, we have no food or drink. Only by killing these animals can we go out to find food and drink, And now the door has been opened, we have to fight, the underground space is so big, if we do not spell, we can only wait for death! Do you want to be killed by this dog? "

Han Zhongguo's voice was extremely loud and intense. He waved his arms and strengthened his tone. He wanted to call these people who had lost their courage.

"Yes, we don't have any more food. We hide there and fight..."

"yes, kill one, kill two and earn one...."

"who is afraid of whom, just a few wild dogs, I will eat dog meat at night..."

hearing Han Zhongguo's powerful and passionate words, everyone finally stopped and looked at him There is something shining in the God. It should be called courage. The rabbit bites people when they are in a hurry. What's more, a bloody person was only frightened and broken before, but once people are brave, heaven is not afraid of the earth.

As soon as Han Zhongguo saw that people's hearts were available, he immediately cried out again.

"Tell me, do you want to be eaten by these ugly dogs?"

"No!"

Then there was a chorus of responses from the crowd.

"Do you want your parents, wives and children to be killed by them?"

"No!"

Then the crowd responded more loudly.

"Shall we kill these dogs?"

"Yes!"

At this time, the atmosphere of the crowd was finally fully lit up. All the people raised their weapons, red eyes and yelled. Including all the police, Han Zhongguo was also very excited. He raised his hand and yelled out

"well, today we will kill!"

"Kill!"

"Kill"

"kill"

everyone roared wildly, their eyes were red with blood, and they held up their weapons and yelled again and again.

Ge Zhongping, standing below, is full of hate in his eyes. He didn't expect that Han Zhongguo has such a strong ability to incite. In a few words, he mobilized everyone's passion. However, at this time, he had no choice but to watch.

"Ouch..."

it seems to be infuriated by the barking of people in the shopping mall. The mutant dog barks, smashes the obstacles with one paw, rushes into the gate with a breath, and then pours straight at the passage, and then a mutant dog pours at the hole."Come on! on your marks! Kill the mutant dog

As soon as Han Zhongguo saw the mutant dog come in, he immediately gave a big drink with his fingers. At this time, the people with high passion seemed to forget their fear and rushed to the frame. They found the positions they had arranged before. They held up their weapons in their hands and stared at the mutant dog with bloody eyes, panting for breath.

The first mutant dog bumped into the frame with a bang. The frame was shocked, but it was not damaged. It was only slightly changed by the impact angle iron. Everyone was excited immediately. It seems that the frame really works.

The mutant dog roared furiously against the frame.

At this time, the second mutant dog crawled into the hole, but it did not collide with the frame. Instead, he swept his eyes and rushed straight into the passage. It seemed that he was smarter than the first dog. He actually knew how to enter through the tunnel.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!