Chapter 76

Don't talk about these people. Even when she saw Gina using this magic again, dipin was shocked. It was more intuitive and terrifying than the last time she killed the mutant bunting. The flame was burning on the mutant dog. No matter how it rolled, it couldn't throw off the flame, and even the ground that rolled over burned with it.

These ordinary mutant animals are not enough to see in Zina's hands. He once again has some vague regrets about his choice. The mage is not only highly hurt but also handsome!

I didn't see that Gina just pushed her hands, and countless fireballs flew around, killing more than a dozen mutant dogs with one move. If she had to rush up for a while to chop, although it was not difficult for her to kill the dozen or so, it was impossible to be as smart as Gina. It must be stained with blood.

At this time, a dozen groups of green soul energy balls, only the size of a table tennis ball, suddenly appeared on the body of the mutant dog on the ground. The green energy ball slowly lifted into the air, and when it rose to about half a meter, it suddenly turned into a green light and shot at di Ping, and then whooshed into di Ping's body.

This scene has been seen many times, and dipin is not surprised. The sound of the system rings in his mind at the same time. However, he has some habits and ignores it automatically. He only remembers that the final energy obtained is 152 points of energy.

Up to now, his total energy is 164 points of energy in addition to the remaining 12 points of the previous upgrade. However, he only needs 20 points of energy to upgrade one level. The 164 points of energy is enough for him to upgrade several levels. But at this time, dipin did not dare to be a fool. He went up too fast and obviously could not control his power.

I secretly criticize the system in my heart. It's OK to read some novels. Why do I have problems when I'm promoted to two levels? Is the system not strong enough?

"Di... This is good for the host. If you upgrade too fast, you can't lay a solid foundation, and it will be difficult to grow too high later!"

Just when Di Ping was thinking about it in his mind, a beep system sounded in his mind, which made him jump. He didn't expect that the system would suddenly explain his own abdominal discussion.

He is speechless. He really doesn't understand the system. When you ask him something, he doesn't say it. Sometimes when you think about something, he suddenly says something, but he can't. the system doesn't communicate with him at all. No matter how he yells, he just ignores it, unless it thinks it is necessary.

However, he also understood what the system said. It was the system's intention to control its own upgrade speed, so as not to let himself mess around. In order to lay a solid foundation, di Ping was not a person who did not know what was good and did not think about it after listening to the system.

At this point, when you are facing a battle, not when you are interacting with the system, you should explain it before you see it.

The mutant Tibetan mastiff didn't seem to think that things would turn out like this. Seeing the corpse of his companion lying on the ground, he was immediately angry. Although he was afraid of fire, his inborn tenacious and stubborn temperament and disposition made it impossible for him to retreat.

"Roar..."

manic low roar, dull voice burst in the underground shopping mall, the shock of all people's hair stuffy, it seems that immediately out of breath.

The Tibetan mastiff lowers its head and stares at Gina with blood green eyes. It steps towards the door opening, and its hair explodes. It looks like a manic lion. It seems that it is ready to rush on at any time.

Gina was about to step forward, when a hand stopped her. Diping came out from behind her, the sword in her hand was also hanging on her side. Her eyes were fixed on the variant Tibetan mastiff, and she walked forward slowly, while Gina retreated obediently, but her hand was put in front of her chest, and there was a slight energy fluctuation in the palm.

Seeing Di Ping come out, the mutated Tibetan mastiff's eyes do not fluctuate. It's as lonely as death. Step by step, he comes to di Ping, and his voice makes bursts of low roar.

The distance is getting closer and closer. At this time, all the people in the base are looking at the young people who are going to the variant Tibetan mastiff as if they are looking at a fool. If this person is crazy and his height is higher than that of the mutant Tibetan mastiff, he dares to challenge the mutated Tibetan mastiff with a sword. We should know that before the Tibetan mastiff mutation, ordinary people can not cope with it. What's more, the mutated Tibetan mastiff is like a cow, and it's simple It's just food delivery.

"Ouch..."

suddenly, the Tibetan mastiff's mouth gave out a sharp low roar again, its body bowed violently, and its four powerful claws, like pillars, pushed the ground. The huge body seemed to be a shell shot straight out. The super fast speed brought up a strong wind, whistling to di Ping, like a cloud covering the roof.

"Collision"

Di Ping, who has been nervous and nervous all the time, also drinks in a low voice. His Qi and blood are surging wildly, his fascia explodes, and his whole body's strength is instantly activated. His feet are pounding the ground with a bang. His violent Qi explodes around and the dust is scattered. His body seems to have crossed the space. The shadow is still in place, and the man has appeared ten meters away.

"Chop!"

A sudden burst of drink in the air, only to see a sudden flash of cold light in the sky, the moment to the top of the mutant Tibetan mastiff.

a sound of steel percussion sounded in the shopping mall, and then the general violent air wave swept out, like a gust of wind.

One man and one dog are like two opposite trains crashing together, and the two shadows are shot backward at a faster speed than before.

"Bang..."

the mutant Tibetan mastiff falls to the ground and shakes its head, which makes him dizzy after being chopped by a sword.When Di Ping flew three meters away, he stepped back five or six steps before he stood still. His hands trembled and his heart became stuffy. He was about to vomit blood. He was panting rapidly. His blood and blood fluctuated violently. His hands trembled slightly and his palms became numb.

He was shocked. He didn't expect to chop with his own strength. The sword didn't break the defense on the mutated head, and the chopping skill didn't work. He looked down at the slightly curved sword. He felt helpless. The sword couldn't keep up with his pace.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!