Chapter 73

"Close the channel!"

Han Zhongguo really saw it. The mutant dog was very fast. In a blink of an eye, he rushed to half of the channel. He called out in a hurry.

"Boom"

several people who had been prepared for a long time pushed the framework with sharp spines into the passage and blocked the whole passage with something.

"Bark!"

The mutant dog ran so fast that it hit the sharp spines, howled in pain, and shook the frame.

"Kill!"

As soon as Han Zhongguo saw the effect, he was overjoyed and gave a big drink.

"Poof..."

more than a dozen self-made long guns pierced out of the left and right channels, and the sharp spines were inserted into all parts of the mutant dog's body. The mutant dog screamed wildly. But at this time, it was trapped and dead, and could not even turn back. More than a dozen people were as strong as mad devils, and the spears kept stabbing, and the mutant dog fell into a pool of blood.

"Ou....

seeing the mutant dog fall to the ground, the crowd immediately gives out a roar of excitement, and everyone's face smiles. They finally kill the mutant dog. It seems that these things are not terrible, they can be killed as well. This inspires greater courage in people's hearts.

Courage is such a strange thing that another weak person can suddenly burst out a strong force, just as these people were scared to death when they heard of killing a mutant dog. But after killing a mutant dog just now, these people immediately felt that the mutant dog was not as powerful as they had imagined. At this time, courage quickly developed, as if the mutant dog used a compliant rabbit and forgot what was chased before There is no way to heaven, no door to earth.

"Bark"

at this time, the first mutant dog finally understood that it was useless to hit the frame, but also rushed to this passage.

"Boom"

this silly mutant dog bumped into the former mutant dog again, and the frame of the collision was also shaking. However, it was not much better. The long spines actually pierced the body of a mutant dog in front of him again, which made him scream in pain.

"Poop"

this time, without waiting for Han Zhongguo's command, people holding long guns in both sides of the channel raised their guns and stabbed them. A series of puff iron objects were heard in the channel. After being stabbed by more than ten guns, the mutant dog stopped barking.

"Boom..."

just waiting for everyone to be happy, a loud bang suddenly blocked the accumulation of the door opening, and the door hole was completely opened. Five mutant dogs rushed in from the open door. If these people had to run before, they would have killed two mutant dogs just now. At this time, they would have been afraid.

"Wang Wang......"

when several mutant dogs rushed in to see their two companions lying in the pool of blood, they immediately roared. The originally blood red eyes were like blood surging, manic roaring, and then rushed to the passage like crazy.

"Boom..."

with the huge body impact force, the whole frame also shakes violently, but it should be OK. Although the angle iron changes in the collision, the main body is still strong, and people are relieved.

"Poof..."

the mutant dog that rushed into the tunnel had not yet broken the frame, but was attacked by the long guns of the personnel from both sides of the passage, and screamed for a while.

"Wang Wang..."

at this time, the cave suddenly became dark, and more than a dozen mutant dogs rushed in. Seeing that their accomplices were attacked, they threw themselves into the crazy collision ranks. How powerful should the power of so many mutant giant dogs? Under the strong impact, the frame shook more violently, and the angle iron also deformed one after another, as if it would collapse in the next moment.

"Shoot!"

Han Zhongguo can't see it. These mutant dogs are too scary after mutation. They are not only huge in body, but also terrifying in strength. After collision, the frame is seriously deformed and the form is in danger. If it goes on like this, he has to order the police on the side of the frame to shoot.

"Pa Pa......"

"Wang Wang......"

for a moment, there was a loud gunfire, and the bullets shot at the mutant dog like a shower. Immediately, the mutant dog screamed and howled wildly. However, those who couldn't reach the frame had to hit the frame crazily. The frame squeaked and screamed bitterly. The police had no choice but to continue shooting.

Ten seconds later, the gunfire stopped. Ten mutant dogs fell on the ground, and the ground was covered with blood. The blood flowed down the ground to the shopping mall. All the people breathed a long sigh of relief. The policemen who fired also wiped the sweat on their heads. Then they looked at the guns in their hands and all of them were smiling bitterly. They had a good fight just now, but they ran out of bullets.

There are not many bullets on their bodies. There are less than 20 bullets for one person. But they have not fired more than ten bullets just now. Some of them have already been shot. The armour of some of them has been empty. There may still be 35 of them. They are only ten mutant dogs. They know that there are more than 30 in this group. What should we do next?

"Wang Wang..."

people said that the leakage of the house happened to rain at night, and a burst of barking came. The hole was dark, and more than a dozen mutant dogs rushed in. When they saw the tragic situation on the ground, they immediately roared bitterly."Ow..."

at this time, a bigger wolf roar came from the cave entrance.

"Boom..."

the debris at the entrance of the cave is like being hit by a car and cracked into pieces. The splash is everywhere. The light of the hole is so bright that all obstacles are smashed into pieces. The sunlight shines in and illuminates the underground shopping mall.

At this time, the mutant dogs stopped barking and turned to look at the hole in succession. The people behind the frame also stopped and looked at the hole with wide eyes. They didn't know what happened.

At this time, the light at the entrance of the cave suddenly became dark, as if it was blocked by something. Then a long shadow of the beast was held on the ground, and everyone held their breath.

"Huhoo"

at this time, a thick gasping sound came, just like a bellows, or a low roar from a monster's voice, which made people tremble in their hearts.

"Ah! "The monster"

at this time, some people in the crowd could not stop screaming, only saw the door hole into a huge monster head, the monster's head is bigger than the lion, two blood red eyes in the dark as if flashing red and green light, like a searchlight, but everyone who has been swept felt cold.

The monster came in slowly. Its huge body was like a hill. The gate more than two meters high was enough for its body to enter. Its body length was more than four meters. When the monster completely entered the door hole and the light came in again, people found out what kind of monster it was.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!