Chapter 78

When the God came to make contributions, di Ping did not hesitate. His body was short and rushed forward. The sword was slashed down like the wind. The high-speed sword body formed a fire shadow in the sky.

"Poof..."

a little panic flashed in the eyes of the mutant Tibetan mastiff who had just landed, but it was too late to respond. A sharp blade into the flesh sounded. Di Ping was happy, but then his face changed. The mutant Tibetan mastiff was injured and did not dodge. As soon as he shook his head and opened his mouth, he bit his waist.

Di Ping didn't expect that the Tibetan mastiff was so ferocious that he was not afraid of being hurt. He still attacked himself frantically. He rushed a short body through the high lower abdomen of the Tibetan mastiff. The Tibetan mastiff bit empty and banged. The huge biting force made the upper and lower teeth vibrate. The wrong canine teeth hit each other like iron and steel, and the ear root of the listener was numb Fracture is not allowed.

The Tibetan mastiff quickly turned around and swept his right paw. The five or six inch long claw looked like five sharp knives, and it swept straight to Diping's waist with a scream. If it was hit, it would open its intestines.

Di Ping, who dares to be swept, kicks his legs fiercely. His body flies away from the Tibetan mastiff's sharp claws for two meters. Before he can breathe a sigh of relief, the Tibetan mastiff's hind legs flick. His huge body is as flexible as lightning, just like a giant tiger pouncing on food. When his head is covered, his two front paws are completely opened, and his sharp claws are shining with white light.

"Damn it!"

Di Ping angrily scolded, when he was so embarrassed that he was beaten by the mutant Tibetan mastiff, and he was eaten everywhere.

His own strength absolutely must surpass this mutant Tibetan mastiff. He can suffer from the fact that there are too few attack means, and the sword can't break through the defense at all, and can't cause too much damage. If he is empty handed, he has not learned any attack boxing, so he can only be beaten passively. How can he not be restrained?

"Spell it

Di Ping, who was chased from all over the place, was on fire. At the moment, his heart was fierce. His body was not retreating. The underground was full of disordered angle irons. If he fell down accidentally, he could only wait for death. If he could not retreat, he would advance.

"Collision"

seeing the huge body of Tibetan mastiff as if it was a mountain, there was no time to think about it. The heart was moved, and the skill collision was launched with all one's strength. A force rose from the body, and the strong legs exerted a strong force. The body seemed to be propelled by a rocket and shot out in an instant.

"Poof"

seeing that di Ping was about to die under his own claws, there was a trace of ferocity and excitement in the eyes of the mutant Tibetan mastiff. However, the excitement did not last long. Suddenly, his eyes were filled with panic. However, di Ping, who was about to be caught in his claws, suddenly disappeared. Then, a cold air burst through his lower abdomen.

It turns out that di Ping is not in a hurry to hide. There are all kinds of things behind him, and he has to move forward. So he launches a collision, accelerates his speed, and rushes forward in an instant. At the same time, he quickly raises the long sword and uses the speed of rapid impact to drive the sword to draw a one meter long wound under the belly of the mutant Tibetan mastiff. Although he has no time to use the flame to strengthen his skills, he is a sharp sword Plus the speed or variation in the Tibetan mastiff lower abdomen out of the road.

"Ouch..."

the mutated Tibetan mastiff finally screamed with pain. Although the wound was not deep but too long, the blood flowed down and quickly dyed the ground red. With the pain, the Tibetan mastiff's ferocity was aroused, and the wound was not under the tube's abdomen. He roared and rushed to di Ping again.

The mania of Tibetan mastiff is fully excited, and the speed also surges. Running with all one's strength is as fast as a wild bull. In a blink of an eye, it is in front of Di Ping. The narrow space of this passage is not conducive to di Ping's rapid dodging. No matter how he hides and mutates, the Tibetan mastiff always catches up with him quickly, which makes Di Ping very embarrassed.

The body is full of sharp claw scratch, although the wound is not heavy, but still painful Diping a breath of cold air.

Seeing the Tibetan Mastiff in front of his eyes, a loss of consciousness made him lose the opportunity to dodge. Diping swung his sword and slashed sideways to the Tibetan mastiff's jaw. He wanted to use the chopping attack to repel the variant Tibetan mastiff and achieve the purpose of dodging.

"Bang"

suddenly, the Tibetan mastiff turned quickly and bit into the long sword that Diping had swept. But di Ping had no time to stop the sword. He could only watch the sword being bitten by it. With a clang sound, sparks shooting everywhere, and the sound of gold and iron ringing, the Tibetan mastiff's powerful biting force broke Diping's sword in two.

Di Ping didn't expect that the sword would end in this way. Looking at the broken sword, he was a little lost in his mind.

"Be careful!"

"Bang"

just when Di Ping was in a daze, the mutant Tibetan mastiff was not idle. This Tibetan mastiff was definitely not an ordinary dog. Obviously, after training, it had a high fighting quality. Once it was stuck, it would not die or die. Once the prey was negligent, it would be bitten by it. However, di Ping made a big taboo and lost his mind in wartime. Although the loss of consciousness was instantaneous, it was enough Fatal.

When he heard the call, he immediately regained his consciousness. However, the huge head of the mutant Tibetan mastiff hit his chest like a heavy hammer. Diping felt a pain in his chest, and a huge force flew his body out.

"Bang"

Di Ping flew more than ten meters and hit the frame, which changed its shape, and then hit the wall heavily. A mouthful of blood gushed from Diping's mouth, but his chest, which was so stuffy, was better. Holding his chest, di Ping's heart burst into a fire. One was that he was distracted by a fight, and the other was that he was beaten by a dog."Master

Then Gina screamed and raised her hand to launch her magic.

"Stop it!"

Di Ping a low drink to stop the fireball has gathered in the mouth of Gina, stand up straight, throw away the broken sword in her hand, raise her hand to wipe the blood from the corner of her mouth, and the flame is burning in her eyes.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!