Chapter 75

The mutated Tibetan mastiff slowly approached the crowd, and the deep breathing sound seemed to reverberate in everyone's ears. The oppressed people's hearts were dull. At this time, the underground base was still and terrible, only its deep breathing sound could be heard. All people, like criminals waiting for death penalty, seemed to know their fate and gave up their resistance completely.

"Chirp..."

at this time, a whistle suddenly rings at the door, followed by a man's frivolous voice.

"Hi, big dog, come and give you bones to eat!"

When they heard the voice, they all opened their eyes and looked at the door. At this time, they were inconceivable. Who is so bold and dare to adjust? Change the Tibetan mastiff? We must see who this person is. At the same time, it seems that there is a magic in the voice, which can bring them hope and peace of mind.

"Ouch..."

the mutated Tibetan mastiff seems to be able to understand the words. It turns around and roars when it sees a human standing at the entrance of the door.

"Wang Wang..."

more than a dozen variation dogs around Tibetan mastiff heard the leader's barking and rushed to the human who dared to challenge them.

The man standing at the door was di Ping. Hearing the gunshot, he quickly ran to the square with four people. He found that there was no mutant dog in the square. The door to the underground shopping mall was open, and there was a roar inside. He knew that the mutant dog had attacked the base. He didn't dare to delay and rushed in a few steps.

When he saw the variation of Tibetan mastiff, he was also scared. This variant Tibetan mastiff is really too big, which is comparable to a cow. He quickly used an exploration skill.

"Variant Tibetan mastiff: blood level: D, talent skill: fury, enhancement level: Level 1 and level 2, skill: bite"

seeing this message, di Ping was really shocked. This is the first time that he has ever faced a mutant animal with blood level.

When he saw the D, he thought that the mutated animals might be the same as human beings. Human beings have different potential levels, while the mutated animals are blood level. Then the variant Tibetan mastiff with only blood level must be more powerful than the giant mang before. He was worried about whether he could cope with it.

But looking at this huge variation of Tibetan mastiff, a strong excitement rises in the heart.

Di Ping was also a combative man. Today, when he met a powerful enemy, he was not afraid. Instead, he aroused a strong sense of war in his heart.

When seeing the mutated Tibetan mastiff breaking through the framework, there are signs of attacking the crowd. We have to use the skill of ridicule to attract the attention of the mutated Tibetan mastiff. Otherwise, once attacking the crowd, these ordinary people will not be its opponents at all, and there is no other way but to die miserably.

Variation Tibetan mastiff was ridiculed by Di Ping on the spot angry, yelling to let his men tear up this dare to challenge their own people.

"Zina!"

Di Ping stood still and drank, and his body flashed to the side, revealing the man in black behind him. Not only did the people in the base not know what the young man was up to, but even the mutant dog was stunned. In this daze, Gina stretched out two white and slender hands from the black robe, and the red light flashed on their hands.

"Ignition..."

a clear and pleasant woman's voice sounded, as if a fresh wind swept through everyone's heart, making everyone feel warm, as if they had forgotten the danger at this time, only to know how beautiful a woman's face was under the cover of black robe.

But at the next moment, everyone didn't think so. Before the woman's voice fell, a dozen fist sized fireballs suddenly flew out of her palm and shot at the rushing mutant dogs. The fireballs were as fast as lightning, and a dozen red lights were drawn in the air. The next moment, they appeared in the center of the mutant dogs.

"Boom, boom..."

a series of blasts sounded, and a group of firelight exploded on the mutant dog's body. The big fireball split into hundreds of small fireballs, which exploded in this space. For a moment, it was like setting off firecrackers, and the whole space seemed to be burned by fire.

The fireball explodes on the mutant dog, and the flesh and blood are splashed and the fur is flying in disorder. At the same time, the flame is like the poison of tarsal bones. It sticks on the body and burns rapidly. The smell of fur diffuses in the space, and the variation dog's miserable cry echoes in the mall.

At this time, everyone is in a daze. Is this still the woman with charming voice?

Isn't this a cruel way?

More than a dozen vicious mutant dogs pushed between their hands. It's so terrible!

At this time, people looked at the black robed man again, not only did they not want to open it, but they were afraid. They were really afraid that the black robe was not a beauty, but a vicious monster.

The Tibetan mastiff's voice was changed, and some of them were frightened.

Animals are afraid of fire. This is their nature. What's more, it is so terrible that the adhesion can't be thrown off. The variant Tibetan mastiff is also an animal, and it is also afraid of fire.

More than a dozen mutant dogs kept screaming and rolling back and forth on the ground. At this time, they didn't care to attack Diping. Gina's hands were pushed flat all the time, and her blue eyes became more strange under the reflection of the fire. She kept staring at the mutant dogs until they were all burnt into a black ball. Then she took back her hands.The flame was also slowly dissipating in the air, as if it had never appeared. Only a dozen black carbon on the ground were glowing, and the smell of barbecue in the air showed that what had just happened was not an illusion.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!