Chapter 90

Under the guidance of land and sea, di Ping and his party went to the square in the middle of the shopping mall. At this time, he realized that he had been wondering why there was no one in the room full of people. Everyone did not know where to go?

At this time, he realized that everyone had come here.

In the center of the underground shopping mall is a square of four or five hundred square meters. There is a round stage in the middle of the square, which is usually used for business activities.

At this time, five huge iron cylinders were standing on the stage, which was 30 cm high. The lower frame was on fire, and the hot air was floating on the top of the iron barrels.

Around the stage, there were dark people gathered around the stage. All of them were holding all kinds of eating things. Their eyes were even more directly staring at the five big iron buckets. Their eyes were full of desire and impetuous desire.

On the stage, there are more than a dozen gun players standing on the stage to maintain order. The black muzzle of guns is facing down. Otherwise, these hungry people will rush to grab the meat in the iron barrel.

All the people rushed forward and squeezed close to the edge of the stage. Some old people were directly squeezed out of the line. Some children were squeezed and crying for their mother.

"Send more men! Get everyone in line

Di Ping frowned when he saw this situation. There were too many people. If something happened, he looked at the land and sea on the edge and said.

"Yes, Mr. Dee, I'll arrange it now!"

In response, Lu Hai turned and arranged for someone to go.

"Dee, I'll go up and organize! It won't work. There will be problems if you squeeze it down! "

Han Zhongguo is also frowning, looking at the chaotic sea of people, eager to di Ping said.

"Good! Do you arrange the organization so that all the team members, except the gatekeepers, will come to maintain order and ensure that there is enough meat for them to eat a little later? "

After hearing Han Zhongguo's request to maintain order, di Ping pondered for a while, and then put forward his own opinions to Han Zhongguo.

"Good! It's a good way. I'll do it right away! "

As soon as Han Zhongguo clapped his hands, he immediately called several people to make arrangements in a hurry. After he left, Lu Guoliang and Ge Zhongping immediately asked to take part in the task. Di Ping also agreed. Now all the people around Di Ping were gone, and only Gina was still with him.

Not to mention the ability of these people is quite good. Han Zhongguo went to the stage and yelled that people should not crowd and obey the arrangements. Then many members of the team came from the outside and began to line up the crowd in groups. Moreover, many young people who should have participated in the battle before also stepped out of the team and began to maintain order.

In less than half a person's time, there were seven or eight teams around the square, long and straight to each passage. More than 30 team members and temporary teams gathered around the stage and began to prepare to distribute food.

At this time, Han Zhongguo and Ge Zhongping came up to invite Di Ping to speak on the stage. Di Ping really felt that it was necessary to say something, but he did not refuse to accept their invitation.

Standing on the stage, di Ping's eyes swept all the people, and a group of people on the stage were all staring at di Ping. There were doubts in their eyes. Who was this man?

There are also many people who look at Diping with reverence. This knot is basically the former soldiers, including some players with guns, who are eager to look at dipin with almost adoring eyes. They have seen that dipin is powerful, and human beings always worship the strong.

"Brothers and sisters, you have suffered!"

Di Ping stood on the stage and said this in a loud voice. Then he bowed down and saluted everyone. Then he stood up. His eyes were a little red. He said this to his heart. As soon as he said this, some people cried in a low voice, and many people's eyes were red.

It's true that they do suffer, fear, life is not guaranteed, there is no food, many people have been hungry eyes faint, soft body, how not to suffer!

Di Ping's words can be said to the bottom of their hearts, but also feel the sincerity of Di Ping. Many people can't bear the tears.

"The world has changed. It's no longer the time for human beings to dominate the world. Mutant animals are rampant. We live the same way. I think all of us have the most real feelings. I don't need to say more. When I know that you are trapped underground, I come as quickly as possible, hoping to save more people as much as I can. But when I see the current situation of survival, my heart is very sad, and I can't imagine you How much suffering

Di Ping's voice was a little low. He looked at the people under the stage and said slowly. Then his face suddenly became positive and his voice raised several points. Then he said.

"I believe we have seen the power of mutant animals, but don't lose your confidence. We humans are also endowed with mysterious power. We will also be stronger than mutant animals. Today, many people have seen that we can kill these mutant animals, eat their meat and gnaw their bones. As in the past, these mutant animals will still be me The food on our table

At this point, dipin suddenly moved, lifted his foot like lightning, and then kicked fiercely to his side. With the strong wind, he kicked on a stone pillar with the thickness of a bowl on the edge of the stage.

"Boom"

the stone pillar like a mud column at di Ping's feet became smashed, crushed to death and splashed everywhere, and people close to him dodged one after another."Ah..."

everyone exclaimed, and no one expected that dipin would come, but they were even more surprised by his strength. It's really terrible. If you know how strong the bowl's thick marble column is, how powerful it is to be kicked to pieces by his foot.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!