Chapter 83

y the way?

Suddenly his eyes lit up again, and he thought that he was not an explorer?

Use this skill to explore, don't you know?

I scold myself for being stupid. I don't know how to use this skill every day. It's wasted!

Thinking of this, he did not delay, thought a move, to a mutant dog on the use of detection.

"Mutant dog: State: dead, meat edible, containing weak energy, long-term consumption can improve the constitution"

a message appeared in front of Diping, which turned into a carbon block of mutant corpse, which has been systematically recognized as edible.

Sure enough, it can be eaten! And it's not toxic....

this made Di Ping happy, and his face was exposed. Then he turned his eyes to the huge mutant Tibetan mastiff corpse and launched the exploration again.

"Variant Tibetan mastiff (dead): blood level: D, talent skill: frenzy, enhancement level: Level 1 and level 2, skill: bite, meat is edible, meat contains more energy, and long-term consumption can improve the constitution."

Seeing this, di Ping was ecstatic, but also a little annoyed. The mutant animals killed before did not save the meat for consumption, which was too wasteful. If he had known that he had eaten more, he might have gained more physique, which was too bad. Why didn't he know to use exploration before?

However, I think that I didn't eat these mutant animals before. First, there was enough food, and then I still felt a little bit frustrated. After all, these mutant animals are human eaters, and it's uncomfortable to think of eating these mutant animals' meat!

But now it's different. If people are starving to death, what can't be eaten is better than starving to death.

For example, if someone falls into the river and is eaten by fish, there is no difference between people eating fish again! How much more do you want to die?

"Did little Dee have any ideas?"

Han Zhongguo saw the joy on di Ping's face. He thought he had some idea. So he asked quickly, with expectation on his face.

"I think this problem will fall on this..."

Di Ping raised his head to see that all the people looked at themselves with hope, and with a smile, he raised his chin and pointed at the corpse of the mutant dog not far away.

"Ah! Can I eat this

Land and sea exclaimed.

Han Zhongguo, Ge Zhongping and Lu Guoliang also looked at di Ping in disbelief. They had been chased by these mutant dogs. They had never dared to eat these mutant monsters. After listening to di Ping, they immediately changed their looks.

One is fear. The other is that they don't know if they can eat it. After all, they are killed by these mutant animals.

"Yes, I checked that this meat can not only be eaten, but also enhance the physical fitness and strength reaction will increase if it is eaten for a long time."

Di Ping saw people's look of disbelief and knew that these people would not dare to eat without adding food. So he said the function of this kind of meat.

"Is it true that you can build up your body? You're sure, Dee

Ge Zhongping's eyes flashed with joy. If this is true, can he become strong and powerful even if he often eats, just like Di Ping?

So he asked anxiously.

"I'm sure you'll feel it when you eat it!"

Di Ping looked at more than a dozen, hoping to look at his own eyes, as if waiting for his own affirmative answer, so his face was a positive expression of firm way.

All of them were overjoyed when they got the affirmative reply from di Ping. Some people had already stood up to get meat!

We should know that among the 30 or so mutant dogs, which one also weighs one or two hundred jin, and there is a huge variant Tibetan mastiff, which is no less than 1000 kg. These meat can be as much as ten thousand catties.

Thousands of people in that base can eat enough. The most important thing is that the meat can also strengthen the body. Who doesn't want it? In this last life, they have suffered many dangers and struggled for several times on the edge of life and death.

Seeing the strength of Diping, knowing the direction, and knowing that only a strong body can live well in this last life, they have a strong desire for strength.

"Come on! Land and sea, organize people to collect all these dog meat and distribute them uniformly

At this time, Ge Zhongping could not sit still. He stood up and looked anxiously at Lu Hai.

He wanted to collect the meat as quickly as possible so that he could get more. If he was preempted by Han Zhongguo, it would be difficult for him to snatch it out of his mouth.

"Good! Good! I'll go now

Although Lu Hai has some straw bags, his mind is not wooden, and his eyesight must be there. As soon as he hears Ge Zhongping's words, he immediately understands them and quickly stands up to answer the way.

Then he turned to leave. Han Zhongguo didn't expect Ge Zhongping to react so quickly. His face changed. After all, Ge Zhongping was the leader and the first leader of the base. He had already spoken. He could not say anything, but his eyes flashed with anger.

"Hold on!"

All of a sudden, a faint voice stopped the action of land and sea. Everyone looked back and saw that it was di Ping. Everyone had a puzzled look in their eyes.Di Ping looked at the land and sea with no expression on his face. However, his anger gradually grew in his heart. He thought that you, a little boy, dare to issue a command here. Let me wait. You are the green onion.

"Yue lie, Liu Han, let's gather all the meat together with director Lu!"

Di Ping didn't pay attention to everyone's eyes, not to see a trace of anger in Lu Hai's eyes. He just looked back at Yue lie and Liu Han and said faintly.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!