Chapter 86

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang met again in their eyes. Both of them were thinking that a strong young man, they were also slightly unhappy.

Although they have a lot of opinions on Ge Zhongping, they are also members of the party after all, and they are both high-ranking and powerful.

Although this year's people are strong, they don't give themselves face and so on. They sit in the main seat without saying a word. Do such strong people know whether the base is a blessing or a disaster?

But two people then a sigh, a dark heart, oneself and others have forgotten?

They were chased everywhere by the mutant animals, and they escaped to the underground shopping mall. But they were trapped in the underground market by the mutant dogs. Their lives may be lost at any time these days. What rights are they talking about.

They are all extremely intelligent people. They see the huge mutant Tibetan mastiff which is so powerful and despairing, and the powerful and mysterious power of Gina and dipin.

It makes them feel that the world may have changed!

The strong have become more cruel and more naked. If they do not change their mentality, they may also be eliminated.

These two people can climb to this position can be said to be extremely smart people, said that bad hair can be turned into ghosts, a little thought can understand the key.

For a while, it seems that they all know how to do it. They look at each other with a smile and sit down calmly.

Di Ping is not a strong man. Today, he has a purpose. If he wants to take control of the base, he has to rely on people. But now he has no one under him. Only yuelie and Liu Han can't play a very important role. These two people can't deal with them. It's hard to gain absolute authority without suppressing them.

Sitting in the main seat just now is to see the reaction of all the people and see if these people understand that the world has changed. The strong are respected, and no power can only be reduced to food. When he saw Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang sitting down calmly, he was very happy and knew that there were still sensible people in these people.

Most of them have already shown their displeasure on their faces, but they are shocked by the strength of dipin and the mysterious beauty in black robes who have been following him. They don't want to turn black carbon like a mutant dog, but their faces are not good-looking.

However, no one dared to object, and they took their seats one after another. There were still some people who had no reaction and had already found a seat.

Most of these people are from the Lu Guoliang faction. This faction itself does not have much discourse in this base, so they have no opinion about who will take the seat.

You have to say that both Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang understand why Ge Zhongping, an old bureaucrat, doesn't know what Di Ping means.

There is no complaint. To say that GE Zhongping's political wisdom is higher than that of Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang, otherwise, he would not be able to quickly take over the leadership of the base.

However, he has been ignored and suppressed by Diping today, losing face. His heart is full of anger, and he can't calm down to think. At this time, he has been thinking about how to find a chance to kill this arrogant young man. What else?

Especially during this period of time, he enjoyed the power of hegemony, which brought him different feelings. The beauty was whatever he wanted. He could easily get hold of that woman with a little food. Without the oppression of the last world, he liked this feeling as if he was poisoned. But now dipin wants to take away his right. How can he be reconciled to it How could his mind, which was completely filled with desire, sink into other thoughts.

Di Ping sat in the first place and closed his eyes slightly. He was really tired in the first World War. He thought that he had exposed many problems in the battle. His strength was much stronger than that of the variant Tibetan mastiff. However, he was disheartened and his sword was broken. There are many problems worth thinking about.

As he rested in Shari and summed up the postwar gains and losses, Gina stood behind him, her blue eyes shining from her black robes and scanning all the people present.

The first class of base high-rise sitting some silly eyes, that has such, actually closed their eyes to rest, put their own people in the cold here.

Only to see the young man covered with blood, and behind the mysterious beautiful woman who dare not move, can only sit there waiting, no one dare to speak first.

Ge Zhongping lights a cigarette and gets close to the sofa. Then he spits out a puff of smoke and hides his face in the smoke. He doesn't know what he is thinking. Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang look at each other again and smile bitterly at each other, and then take out the cigarette points.

This time, it's not that Diping intended to cool them down. Instead, he just closed his eyes and wanted to calm down. He thought that it would take him a few seconds to sum up. However, he didn't expect that a sound of the system came into his mind.

"Di ···· rescue mission completed, 500 crystal coins and a black gold Saber"

"Di ··· get system equipment, open knapsack function"

"Di ··· open the backpack and obtain 50 squares of knapsack. The black gold sword has been put into the backpack to occupy one space!"

A series of beeps came to di Ping's mind. At this time, he remembered that the rescue had a mission. Now the system prompted that the task was completed. He not only got 500 crystal coins, but also got a black gold sword. His long sword just broke. This black gold sword was just sending carbon in the snow, which was too timely.But what excited him most was that he opened the backpack system, which was a magic object. With it, he would no longer have to carry a bag around.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!