Chapter 89

Tens of thousands of people gathered in this area. People trampled on each other, causing countless deaths and injuries. The crocodile seemed to be a runaway wild horse. Everywhere you go, it's bloody.

At this time, the mutant animals, which had been wailing all around for a long time, were also killed. There were mutant dogs, mutant mice, mutant cats, mutated snakes, etc., as well as mutant tigers and leopards!

At this time, human beings are running around like chickens being chased. At this time, they hate their parents for giving birth to a little leg.

How did people run through these mutant animals? Immediately, thousands of people fell under the blood of the mutant animals, and countless died under the mouth of the mutant crocodile. The blood dyed the whole land, and the blood flowed into the lake. The whole lake was dyed red. At this time, the lake began to churn, and thousands of mutated fish scrambled for the human bodies falling into the lake.

For a moment, it was like purgatory. There was a scream, a hiss, a chew, a roar, blood and broken limbs.

The whole scene of bloody terror is unimaginable, that is to hear people talking about Diping can feel the terror of that time.

Speaking of this, the whole conference room was quiet, and many people were shaking. It seemed that they were still in the environment at that time and could not extricate themselves.

All of them were at the forefront at that time. They ran out of the crowd at the first time after the incident, avoiding the attack of many mutant animals, and then they gathered in the base to survive.

They have all seen the tragedy at that time. The army's bullets were of no use to the crocodile. A tank only fired two guns, but it could not penetrate the crocodile's scales. Before the third shot was fired, the giant crocodile rushed up and beat the crocodile's paw to the side.

Seeing this situation, the army had to retreat in a hurry, and some of them quickly withdrew with the army, and most of them were killed or ran out like them.

They are also lucky to steal the enclosure of mutant animals and enter the underground base. Many other people have no such luck.

After listening to these, dipin also exhaled a deep breath. He felt that his chest was heavy, and he seemed to have difficulty breathing. He could not imagine how tragic it would be at that time.

But you don't have to think about how it will be if there are 50000 or 60000 people gathered together. Most of them are crowded and trampled on each other, and they can't run. Besides, crocodiles roll around like road rollers. It's really lucky to be able to run out.

According to Han Zhongguo, there should be more than 10000 people killed and injured on the spot. Most of them scattered. I don't know if they can survive. Thousands of people left with the military, but they just failed to keep up and had to hide in this underground shopping mall.

Di Ping clenched his fist hard, and his heart was filled with grief and indignation. The human race would be so weak after the arrival of the end of the world. In front of these mutated animals, he became the object of being slaughtered. He had no strength to fight back, but could only watch one by one be killed.

Although he is not a compassionate saint, what he has seen and heard makes him feel sad. He has to work harder for the belief that he can strengthen his strength to save more human beings and fight for a chance of life for these struggling human beings in the end of the world.

Originally, he just wanted to strengthen his strength to find his parents, rescue them, and then provide a safe place for his relatives and friends.

However, with the powerful help of the system, and with all that he experienced in the last world, his mentality gradually changed. He decided not only to provide safe living conditions for his relatives and friends, but also to have a kind of wild hope. He wanted to turn his castle into a holy land to protect mankind, so that more people could get the chance to survive.

The atmosphere of the whole conference room was silent and frightening. No matter whether it was treacherous or evil, everyone was silent and speechless at this time. The sadness and despair on their faces were not artificial. In fact, each of them had a kind of sorrow of being cooked by a dead rabbit and a dog. I don't know how long I can live longer than others in such an end of life.

"Bangbang"

at this time, a knock on the door sounded suddenly, which startled the silent people. They saw that the door was pushed open from the outside, and Lu Hai came in from a big sweat. All the people were awakened from the silent atmosphere, and some of them secretly wiped the traces of tears from the corners of their eyes.

"Mr. Di, the meat has been stewed. Would you like to have a look?"

Lu Hai learned to be good this time. Instead of looking at GE Zhongping, Lu Hai said respectfully to di Ping.

"Ha ha! Great! I've smelled the fragrance for a long time. Let's go and have a look

Di Ping put down the tea cup that had already drunk the water in his hand, laughed and stood up to invite Han Zhongguo.

After hearing what Di Ping said, people also got up in a hurry, and their noses were still pumping. Don't tell me. Just now the door was closed, and people didn't smell anything. Now the door was opened by land and sea, and a smell of stewed meat rushed into the room, and the room was filled with attractive aroma.

"Ha ha! It's delicious. Let's go and have a taste! Little Dee, this way, please

Han Zhongguo that coax bright laugh to ring again, clap hands to applaud, the person also already stood up, stretched out his hand to invite Di Ping way.

"Ha ha! All right, go with you

Di Ping did not give in. Ha ha, with a smile, he walked out first. Lu Hai hurried out to lead the way. A group of people followed him. Ge Zhongping fell behind again. His face was gloomy. Looking at the background of Di Ping and a group of people, his face flashed with a faint sneer.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!