Chapter 85

The area of this underground mall is not too large. It has three or four thousand square meters at most. There are three passageways, each of which is about three meters wide. There are shops on both sides, selling clothes, accessories, shoes and so on.

The lighting of underground shopping malls was not good at all. Now, without electric lights, it would be even more difficult to see clearly. If some LED battery lights were not on, they would not be able to see the road clearly.

through the weak light, dipin saw that all the stores in the underground shopping mall were full of people, and the ground was covered with all kinds of things, including straw mats, quilts and rags and rags.

There were men and women mixed together in the room. They were pale and weak. When they saw their own people passing by, they looked at them with dull eyes. They did not move, as if they were struggling to move their eyes.

There are also some children, with curious eyes looking at his party, wax yellow face covered with dust, sitting on the parents of the body powerless.

Looking at these, Diping's voice was a little stiff, and his nose was sour. He didn't expect that these people had been tortured to lose their spirit, as if they were walking dead.

He went all the way to the innermost part of the building. He carefully inspected every room he passed. If he came to the underground base one day later, not to mention being attacked by mutant dogs, it seems that starvation alone can kill many people.

He saw that in many rooms, some of them were old and weak, and some were sleeping there, and they could not even hum.

However, there is no one around him who lies.

These people really provide food for themselves. Otherwise, the contrast is too big?

Di Ping looked at these old men with a cold eye. At this time, they even said that they were laughing. The miserable scene on both sides seemed not in their eyes at all. This indifference made Di Ping feel cold. What kind of indifference would make him ignore human life so much? At this time, he couldn't cut all these things with one knife, but he can't do it now.

While walking, di Ping secretly observes and observes everyone's expression here, including Han Zhongguo, who has a good feeling.

He didn't believe in Yue lie and Liu Han, but he believed in his eyes more. He had to observe and judge everything by himself.

Here, everyone's expression fell into his eyes. Han Zhongguo walked silently and looked around from time to time. His brows were locked and his face was gloomy. Sometimes he would stop to see if the person who was still lying on the ground was still alive. His eyes flashed with pain.

Secretary general Lu Guoliang, who was close to him, did not move all the time. He just followed silently without saying a word. His lips were tightly pursed and his face was expressionless. It seemed that he didn't care about these things.

However, di Ping carefully found that he always went to help the spectacle frame, and paid attention to it. The secretary general did not really hold the glasses, but secretly wiped the tears from the corners of his eyes with his fingers. The brown glasses let many people see his warm eyes.

At this time, Ge Zhongping, the leader, had already run to di Ping and introduced the situation to him while walking. It seemed that he was very familiar with the base.

What's more, the words are all about how much effort he has spent and what he has done for the base. The base can only go to the normal level under his strong leadership. These people would have died of starvation if he hadn't been for him.

Di Ping did not speak all the time. He just listened quietly. His eyes were slightly fascinated. He swept everyone's face from time to time. It seems that he wants to remember everyone. If people know him, they will know that this is the time when Diping is most angry. But people here don't know him, and think he is listening carefully?

Through the passage, a group of people walked to a clothing store near the inside. The store was transformed into a meeting room, where many people could sit.

Ge Zhongping enthusiastically arranged for Diping to walk to a sofa on the side, but Diping ignored him. Instead, he went directly to the main sofa and sat on it.

Ge Zhongping stretched out his arm rigidly there, his face full of embarrassment and anger.

"Well, ha ha! Xiaodi, you can't choose. This seat is hard and uncomfortable

Forced to pull off the face, Ge Zhongping said with an embarrassed smile.

What he meant was that this position was not easy to sit in, but di Ping didn't hear it in front of him. Ge Zhongping was no different from the dead in his heart. It was just that he was not good at killing people. Otherwise, these people did not understand him and thought that he was intolerable to kill people!

Once it causes misunderstanding among the people here, it will not be easy for us to achieve our goal.

In fact, before he came, Diping wanted to bring these thousands of people under his command, but now his base has not been built well, so he can't accommodate these people for the time being.

Another reason is that there are too few people available for him now. The migration of thousands of people is not a trivial matter. There are many crises along the road more than ten kilometers away. He can't guarantee his safety by relying on his own hands. He doesn't want to gather all these people and give them to mutant animals.

Therefore, the integration of the base is inevitable. It can not arouse hostility from many people. But Ge Zhongping must not be able to stay. Such a person is a time bomb, capable and a veteran official.

The most important thing is that he has gone bad. After listening to Yue lie's introduction, he doesn't like this person at all. Raising such a person is like raising a poisonous snake. Apart from that, it's necessary to find a more suitable way to avoid the worry of many people in the base. So we have to find a good opportunity!Ge Zhongping didn't know that his fate had been decided by Diping. Seeing that he couldn't get up, Ge Zhongping had to sit down on the sofa beside him. When he sat down, he felt a strong hatred, thinking that as long as he was ready, he would let this boy who did not know the height of heaven and earth would die without a burial place.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!