Chapter 88

While Siping tea, di Ping had a pleasant exchange with Ge Zhongping, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang. At this time, Ge Zhongping seemed to have forgotten everything before, and his brilliant smile always appeared on his face, without any unhappiness. From time to time, he talked and laughed with the three of Diping, and sometimes exchanged some views on the end of the world.

These three people are all in high positions. Don't think that senior officials can't laugh. That's wrong. It's only because you and he are not equal in status.

You should know that to be an official in the Empire, you should not only have the ability and background, but also have the ability to observe and speak.

At this time, the three people completely put Di Ping in an equal position or even higher position, so they didn't have any official accent in their conversation, and di Ping was not Xiaobai. After wandering in the mall for a long time, others showed good intentions, and he could not throw him on the ground. So the four people chatted happily.

Although they were chatting casually, they mostly talked about the events of the end of the world. From here, we can finally know the actual situation of the government's withdrawal last time. Although there was a broadcast on the radio last time, what we heard was clearer and more comprehensive at this time. Several people did not conceal everything.

Last time, Zhongzhou government was withdrawn (the national background was changed, which does not affect the content!) This is to hide the ordinary people, mainly withdraw from the high-level Zhou government, this is not cruel.

The number of people sent by the main military forces is too small. The weapons of the conventional security forces are just ordinary weapons, so they can't protect too many people from leaving safely. Therefore, the state government strictly forbids them to be transmitted abroad. But after all, who does not have a family member or relative, the information is still transmitted.

The next day, the provincial government actually gathered 560000 people, which made the officials very helpless, but they could not drive them away when they arrived, right?

Although there are a lot of 560000 people, it is still too small compared with the tens of millions of permanent residents in this city. So I set out with a large army. It was only too simple to think that the tens of thousands of people were entrusted with fifty or six kilometers, but the army sent only 300 people to take care of them. How could it be possible to take care of these people? As a result, people were attacked by mutant animals from time to time along the way. Fortunately, there were too many people The mutated animals dare not directly attack the large forces. They just sneak in, and the casualties are acceptable.

The journey in the morning was only four or five kilometers. The officials of the state government were sweating on their heads, and the military leaders were also anxious to stamp their feet. According to their original plan, they went through the urban area to the expressway and drove away. Although it was dangerous to drive, the speed was much faster, but at the current speed, it was not to walk to the highway entrance until dark.

The original plan is not suitable now. The number of people can be arranged according to the number of cars. However, if you walk from the ground to bianzhou for more than 70 kilometers, it will take six or seven days at such a speed of ten kilometers a day.

It took five or six nights to spend in the wild. At this time, the wild was not comparable in the daytime, and the danger increased exponentially. During the daytime, there were always sneak attacks by mutant animals. How many times would it happen in the evening?

you can't see the shapes of the mutant animals in the woods on both sides of the road from time to time. It seems that these mutant animals have always been searched by the following troops Opportunity attack.

However, no matter how urgent it is, there are too many people, old and weak, sick and disabled. If you want to go, you can't walk fast. It's good to be able to walk with tears and tears all the way. Do you want to be quick?

The governors of the Zhou government began to gather together to discuss what to do to explain the current problems. Some people suggested that some leaders should go first under the escort of the troops, and join the troops left behind by the military at the highway entrance, and quickly arrive at the bianzhou base, which was only rejected by many people.

Some officials are really out of public interest and feel that doing so is against their purpose of serving the people as officials. There are still a large number of people who have relatives in the rear of the army. The number of people who set out in advance is limited and it is impossible for them to take too many people. How could they possibly do this? In the end, the plan ended in vain.

In the end, the meeting broke up in a bad mood, and there were also differences among the senior management!

At noon, the large army went to the lake of emperor. All the people were tired. Some people suggested to take a rest, so the large army began to stop and rest.

And the rear of the large forces slowly gathered up, more and more people, the voice is also growing, this many people together may be a sense of security, many people unbridled noisy.

At this time, someone suddenly found that the water in the middle of the emperor lake was bubbling, as if there was a pot in the lake. Suddenly, the billowing waves suddenly rushed to the shore and rolled towards the place where people gathered.

All the people are curious to see, do not know what happened in the lake, they do not know the danger has come, still pointing and laughing.

Huge waves rush to the bank and hit the concrete dam with a splash. Just as people scattered to avoid the spray, suddenly a huge black shadow appeared from the lake.

The huge black shadow suddenly jumped out of the water and directly rushed to the shore. It opened a large mouth and bit 45 people. The huge mouth closed suddenly and blood flew. All the people were staring at the scene.

After reaction, people finally realized that it was a giant crocodile like a monster, more than three meters high and thirty meters long.

He was like a giant beast running out of ancient times. He killed the people who ran away wildly. He could kill three or four people in one bite. When he waved his huge claws, several people were beaten into pieces, and dozens of people could be swept away by a flick of his tail.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!