Chapter 82

Ge Zhongping was not happy. He was eager to get along with this powerful young man named Di as soon as possible. But before he said a few words, Han Zhongguo came up again to make trouble.

What's more, di Ping seems to have a more enthusiastic attitude towards Han Zhongguo than he does. Is it because he knows what he has done? Who told him?

Ge Zhongping thought of it, and suddenly his eyes coagulated and looked at Yue lie and Liu Han behind Di Ping.

He thought that if Di Ping knew that his own affairs could only be said by these two people, otherwise Di Ping was a little cold to himself, with little smile on his face, but he was obviously better to Han Zhongguo. When he thought of this, he looked at the two people's eyes and saw the chance of killing.

Di Ping still can't be happy and angry without form and color. His dissatisfaction with Ge Zhongping is still perfect. Ge Zhongping, an old fox, can see the performance just now, but he doesn't know at this time.

However, he didn't care. For scum like GE Zhongping, he had already sentenced him to death in his heart. When he found a chance, he was absolutely merciless.

At this time, a few people came back, and many people gradually put down their fear and surrounded Di Ping.

"Come on! Let me introduce you to Mr. Di! "

At this time, Han Zhongguo smiles and takes Di Ping's hand to introduce several people who follow him.

"Mr. Han (some key words can't be used, please change your address to Mr. Han!) Don't be so polite to call me Xiao di or di Ping Du

Di Ping also felt Han Zhongguo's real enthusiasm, let him pull, and said with a smile.

"Yes, yes! I'll call you Xiaodi if I hold it up for a while

Han Zhongguo laughs. He really likes this young man more and more.

However, some people were not happy. At this time, Ge Zhongping watched Han Zhongguo and di Ping's warm conversation. He also snatched the task of the person in charge of his base to introduce the management of the base to di Ping. His face sank like water and his heart was full of opportunities.

"Little Dee! Come on, this is Lu Guoliang, another person in charge of the base! "

Han Zhongguo pulls Di Ping and points to Lu Guoliang, who is at the front of the crowd.

"Hello, Mr. Di!"

Lu Guoliang did not hold the big, but grinned and held out his hand to di Ping.

"Hello, Mr. Lu!"

Di Ping also held out his hand with a smile. Lu Guoliang and Yue lie also said that there was little information. He said that the neutral faction did not care much about the base, so he looked at it more.

Lu Guoliang is not tall, but he is about 1.7 meters tall. He is thin. He wears a pair of gold rimmed glasses. His face is white and has a soft smile.

Di Ping did not feel a trace of the official's unique official spirit from him. On the contrary, he was more like a gentle scholar. However, he did not dare to underestimate. There is a simple one for those who have been active in the official circles all the year round. If I really think Lu Guoliang is a scholar, you will be the only one who will suffer.

Later, Han Zhongguo introduced the latter several people to di Ping one by one, and even Lu Hai knew him.

This first image of land and sea gave Diping the impression that it was a straw bag. He spoke with a buzzing voice and a kind of rashness. It was not the quality that a senior official should have.

"Now that the crisis is over, what are your plans?"

As we all know, when GE Zhongping arranges people to look after the gate and clean up the messy things on the ground, di Ping can't wait to ask his own question.

"Little Dee! Now the problem of mutant dog has been solved, but what is the biggest problem in the base? "

At this time, Han Zhongguo took out a cigarette and handed it to di Ping. His voice was a little heavy.

"What's the problem?"

Di Ping took Han Zhongguo's cigarette but didn't light it. He looked solemnly at Han Zhongguo who was knocking smoke on the cigarette box.

"Food!"

Han Zhongguo pauses and spits out two words from his mouth.

"Yes! Little Dee! Our base has been out of food for a long time, now there is no food, and many people are still hungry

At this time, Ge Zhongping spoke on the edge, and he also followed Han Zhongguo to call Diping Xiaodi, but di Ping did not respond and bowed his head to ponder.

Hearing what they said, he remembered that Yue lie and Liu Han had told themselves that there was not much food in the base, and that they had been trapped for many days.

"It's getting late now. I'm afraid it's too late to go out and look for food? The food nearby may have been scraped clean. If you want to find it, you have to go far away! "

Secretary general Lu Guoliang said with a sigh on the edge. He reached for his glasses and looked at di Ping through the lens. His eyes flashed helpless color.

Di Ping didn't say anything. He also knew this problem. If the base people went out to look for food and walked far away, the safety would not be guaranteed. Doing so would send these people to death. If he went out, how much food could one person collect, and now it was already afternoon, he did not dare to stay outside. If he came back late, the night would be terrible He really didn't know what crisis he was going to face.

All the people were silent, only to hear people picking up the debris made by the collision sound, dipin hand twists the cigarette, the cigarette paper was twisted by himself, the cut tobacco scattered."Food?"

"Food?"

Di Ping has been chanting these two words, eyes erratic.

Suddenly his eyes lit up and his eyes fell on the black corpses of those mutant dogs on the ground. Suddenly, he was happy. Wasn't everyone eating dog meat before the end of the world?

Is dog meat edible now?

Some people say that dogs have eaten human beings, but they can't eat them. What about dogs eating stools before the end of the world! It's not that many people eat it...

now that they are starving to death, who cares about that? At this time, what Di Ping wants to know is whether the meat of these mutant dogs can be eaten and whether they are poisonous.

Do you want someone to try it on? Dipin's eyes were fixed on the mutant dog on the ground, and his mind turned rapidly.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!