Chapter 87

I was so ecstatic that I forgot that many people were waiting for me outside. After a while, I calmed down my excitement. I remembered that the room was not my own. So I opened my eyes and saw that a group of officials were huffing and puffing clouds. Then I lowered my voice and apologized.

"I'm sorry, everyone. I was so tired just now. I just wanted to fall asleep."

"Nothing! don't worry! Comrade Di must be tired! "

Di Ping's cough awakened the people in the meeting room and quickly put out the smoke. Some people answered with a smile when they heard Di Ping's words.

"How long did I sleep? Why don't you wake me up? "

Di Ping pretended to complain.

"Not long, not long!"

Ge Zhongping said with a smile. He seemed to care. In fact, he scolded the eighteen generations of Di Ping's ancestors, but he didn't dare to show it.

"General Ge (changed to chief of the base, avoid some names, please understand), the mutant animal meat is ready! What's next? "

At this time, Lu Hai comes in, followed by Yue lie and Liu Han. Lu Hai comes in and sees Di Ping sitting in the master's seat for a moment, but he immediately reacts, and then he looks at GE Zhongping and asks.

"What do you think, brother di?"

Ge Zhongping wanted to stand up and arrange for the land and sea to do it. He just wanted to move. He thought of Di Ping on the edge. He was afraid of any action. He turned his face and asked Di Ping with a smile.

"How much meat is there?"

The cold light in di Ping's eyes flashed, sweeping across the land and sea, turning to look at Yue lie and Liu Han.

Lu Hai was so frightened by Di's glance that he almost sat down. He thought that the man's eyes were really frightening. He seemed to understand what he was thinking. He knew that he had reported to ge Zhongping just now, which should have made the young man dissatisfied. At this time, he did not dare to talk.

"Diego has more than 7000 catties of meat in all

Yue lie saw Di Ping looking at himself, and immediately stepped forward and said excitedly.

"Seven thousand pounds of meat! Many! Enough for two days

Someone exclaimed in surprise.

"I haven't eaten meat for a long time. If I use a big pot to stew and add some radish to stew, I can't say it anymore. I'll drool when I think about it!"

An official said that he felt like salivating down his lips. However, no one laughed at him at this time, because everyone felt that the mouth was full of saliva after listening to this man's description.

They are not to blame. Although these people are better than ordinary people and can ensure food supply, they have not had a meal for a long time, let alone eat meat. There are a few cold fresh meat in the supermarket, which are not enough people to fill the gap between their teeth.

"Ha ha! OK, today we'll stew dog meat in a big pot! People say that dog meat is rolling three times, and the immortal is not stable. Today, let's try to see if the mutated dog meat is more fragrant

At this time, di Ping stood up, laughed and clapped his hands. Then he turned to look at Han Zhongguo and said, "I think we can make some big pots, stew some meat, and let everyone eat dog meat and soup. What do you think?"

"I think it's good. When I was young in the countryside, everyone who killed hunting would make a pot stew, and the whole village would eat it. It's called" fragrant! "

Han Zhongguo also got up with a smile and praised, recalling his childhood life, and his face showed a look of yearning and yearning.

"That's a good thing. I haven't eaten meat for a long time. If I have a meal of meat, I think many frail people may be able to recover more vitality!"

Lu Guoliang also stood up with a smile on his face.

"What do you think of Mr. Ge?"

Di Ping saw that everyone agreed with the proposal, looked back at GE Zhongping sitting in the sofa and asked with a smile.

"Ha ha! Very good, very good! Brother Di, good idea

Ge Zhongping some absent-minded, heard Di Ping asked himself, this just ha ha, a smile, face some stiff reply.

"Captain Lu, would you please find some big pots of stewed meat After listening to ge Zhongping's reply, di Ping turned to look at the land and sea waiting there, and said in a flat tone.

"No... no problem!"

Lu Hai quickly glanced at GE Zhongping. Seeing that GE Zhongping was sitting there without looking up or showing any sign, Lu Hai's face immediately turned dark, and then he quickly piled up a smiling face to reply. He quickly turned around and was about to go out.

"By the way, make sure everyone has at least one bowl of soup and two or two meats. Those who take part in the battle today can have more than one or two meat!"

Lu Haigang was about to leave when Di Ping suddenly stopped him and said.

"Well, it will be finished!"

The land and sea turned around and left quickly, but his steps were heavy.

At this time, a few of the fighting personnel outside heard Diping's words, and immediately a smile appeared on their faces, and then someone ran away quickly, which should be to deliver the message.

"You two go and help too."

Looking at the background of Lu Hai's departure, di Ping picks his mouth and shows a meaningful smile. Then he looks whole and looks at Yue lie and Liu Han standing at the door. He gives a look to Yue lie at the same time.

"All right, Diego!"

Yue lie is very smart. Seeing Di Ping's eyes, he immediately nods his head and answers. Then he takes Liu Han and turns to chase Lu Hai.As soon as they left, three more beautiful young women came in, brought tea to the conference room, put a cup in front of each of them, and then walked out.

Di Ping took the tea and glanced at the women, and found that these women were young and more beautiful than the other. Looking at all the officials who took tea and drank water carelessly, di Ping was upset. Did these officials have a good time!

It's just that I can't get angry about this. I'll find the right opportunity to clean up these guys again.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!