Chapter 81

At this time, the people in the underground base are quietly watching Di Ping's movements. When they see him fiddling with what he is looking for in the shredded meat mouth, all of them don't understand what this terrible young man is doing, and does he have any special hobbies!

This idea made everyone feel cold. Every time they saw the broken flesh and blood stirred by Di Ping's broken sword, many people's heads became stiff. A kind of vicious vomit came like a tide. Some people just resisted it, while others didn't, they just vomited while running.

However, dipin did not seem to see these people at this time. He went to about ten mutant dogs burned by Gina's magic. He opened them one by one and took out the crystal nuclei. Then he wrapped them in a cloth and put them in his arms. After all this, dipin looked up at the crowd gathered in the hall and looked at the crowd in horror.

"Dicko! Dicko

At this time, two figures suddenly came in from the door opening, and they saw Diping shouting in unison. Their expressions were excited and a little afraid. They avoided the mutant dog corpse on the ground and ran to di Ping in a small step.

Di Ping didn't have to look back to know that they were Yue lie and Liu Han. Only then did he realize that he was in a hurry to enter the underground shopping mall to save people and forgot about them. Now they came in through the door opening. It seems that they were hiding outside and seeing the situation inside. They came in only when there was no danger.

However, Diping didn't blame them. These two men were just ordinary people, and the battle was said to be long just now. In fact, it took only about ten minutes for them to dare not to run outside all the time.

"Isn't that Yue lie and Liu Han?"

"Yes! It's the two of them

"They didn't die outside?"

"Yes! Yeah! Didn't they say that their team was dead? "

The appearance of the two men caused a riot in the crowd opposite. It should be that someone recognized Yue lie and exclaimed.

When GE Zhongping heard the people's comments behind him, his face suddenly changed, and then he suddenly expanded. His smile reappeared on his face, and his original look of fear had disappeared.

He was scared just now. He saw dipin's crazy state and the powerful magic of the mysterious black robed man. He didn't know who these two people were. They were earth people? Or aliens?

After all, we haven't seen such a powerful human on the earth, and although these two people killed the mutant dog, he didn't know whether they wanted the human side or the hostile side, so he hesitated all the time. When he saw that Yue lie and Liu Han could talk to di Ping, he immediately reacted!

Yue lie and Liu Han are human beings in their base. They can communicate with di Ping. Di Ping is definitely not a hostile party. Thinking of this, a smile appears on his face. As long as he can communicate, it is not a problem. He believes that he can earn these two mysterious people.

"Ha ha... Thank you very much! I am Ge Zhongping, the person in charge of the underground base. On behalf of all the people in our base, I thank you for your help

To figure out these problems, Ge Zhongping, a political old man, immediately laughed and walked towards Di Ping. His smile was piled up on his face, full of kindness and peace to approach people. As far away as he was concerned, he held out his hands enthusiastically to di Ping.

"Hello! Mr. Ge, I've heard of it

Di Ge Ping's hand was not even a little smile in front of him.

Although I heard from Yue lie and Liu Han that GE Zhongping is not a good man, it's just that it's not the time to ask him for trouble. But his face is a little dull, with a slight smile.

"Ha ha, it's a false name, but it's still a little brother Gao Yi! There must be a reward for saving all the lives of our base! "

Ge Zhongping laughs and talks about his false name. But the smile on his face shows that he is very good. He was just a little hero, and he will become a little brother again. Is the distance rising too fast? He said thanks to di Ping, but he carried him to Gaoyi, wrote a blank check and praised him. Now the superior doesn't know where he is?

"You're welcome, Mr. Ge"

Di Ping's mouth slightly picked, and he felt a little disdain for this man who was just in appearance but evil in his heart. However, the urgent task was to settle down all the people here, instead of making extra troubles, so he said politely.

Hello, Mr. di! I'm Han Zhongguo. Thank you for your help! Hard work

At this time, a loud voice rang out. A tall, square face, thick eyebrow and upright face, a middle-aged man in his forties walked quickly to di Ping and extended his hand to him with gratitude and a gentle smile on his face.

"Diego, this is Mr. Han!"

At this time, Yue lie whispered in front of the middle-aged man in front of him, and di Ping responded.

"Hello, Mr. Han. You're welcome! I don't think human beings should help each other? "

This is Han Zhongguo, who Yue lie said had a sense of justice in the underground base. He still liked such a person very much. He quickly stepped forward to hold Han Zhongguo's hand with a smile.

"Ha ha! Yes, yes, we humans should help each other! Mr. Di is still magnanimousHan Zhongguo laughed with admiration in his eyes. Looking at di Ping with admiration in his eyes, he said that he liked this young man too much. He was powerful but not impatient. He looked calm in the face of himself, without a trace of pride or tension. This made him take a high look at di Ping.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!