Chapter 84

Lu Hai was stunned by Di Ping's words for a moment, and his anger grew in his heart. However, he didn't know whether to leave or stay in the face of powerful Di Ping. At this time, he could only look at GE Zhongping, hoping to get Ge Zhongping's instructions.

"Brother Di! You've been working hard all the way, and you've been fighting for half a day. You should be very tired. You can just leave these little things to the land and sea! "

Ge Zhongping was also stunned by Di Ping's words. He immediately realized that he was afraid of being a ghost and was not happy in his heart. Seeing Lu haileng waiting for his instructions, he forced his unhappiness to pile up a smile. Looking at di Ping's concern, he said that his address changed from "little Di" to "Di elder brother".

Di Ping did not speak, but looked up at GE Zhongping. Ge Zhongping was shivered by the ice in Diping's eyes. What kind of eyes did he have? Looking at himself as if he were looking at a dead man. The cold was as cold as death. A sense of suffocation hit him, as if he couldn't breathe at once. He choked back and bowed his head with a pale face See, mouth embarrassed smile two times "ha ha... That... That's according to the opinion of old brother Di!".

Seeing Ge Zhongping sitting down, Diping's face turned to the land and sea. He was swept by Di Ping's eyes. He immediately lowered his head, and even Ge Zhongping was withered. He dared to speak more.

We should know that GE Zhongping was famous for being a bully in Zhongzhou officialdom. But at this time, he was scared by this young man. He didn't dare to say anything. He didn't dare to dare to give any more courage.

"Good... Good... With two brothers to help, it must be faster!"

Lu Hai's reaction was still very quick, and a smile appeared on his face.

"You two go! Be careful... "

seeing that land and sea agreed, they turned their heads and said to Yue lie behind them.

"Then we'll go, Diego."

Yue lie and Liu Han had been anxious to leave. Yue lie wanted to see his girl friend for a long time. Hearing Di Ping's command, he immediately responded and ran away after land and sea.

This scene was seen by all the people present. Although Diping didn't look at them just now, the chill of that sweep went straight through their hearts.

He was naturally afraid of this young man. Just now the public realized that this young man was not so easy to fool around. He was not only very opinionated, but also quite domineering. Even Ge Zhongping, who was always dictatorial, was defeated.

At this moment, they all have a feeling that the underground base has changed!

Everyone looked at each other, and there was a secret communication in their eyes. Even Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang exchanged eyes quickly.

All this was done in secret. Diping did not see it. In fact, he did not pay attention to it. Strength is the most useful thing. Any conspiracy must kneel down in front of absolute strength.

At this time, Ge Zhongping lowered his head and didn't know what he was thinking. The smoke from his hands and mouth almost burned to his fingers. He didn't notice that, but at this time, no one paid attention to him!

Who in this room doesn't understand that he, the leader of the base, has no right to speak. This young man is so strong that he will never allow anyone to direct himself.

"Master

At this time, a clear female voice sounded, and people looked back one after another. They saw the mysterious man in black standing behind Diping, saluting respectfully.

"Gina! Have you adjusted your breath? "

Di Ping heard the female voice, immediately surprised to turn around, eyes concern at Gina asked.

"Thank you, master. Gina is OK! It's just that the skill consumption was too much just now, and it's just fine if you adjust your breath...

Gina raised her face and grinned like a hundred flowers. The charming between her eyebrows was like the spring water rippling, and Diping was in a trance.

"Gulu..."

there was a sound of swallowing and salivating behind Diping.

without looking, di Ping knew that Gina had just raised her face and let such people behind her see it. With Gina's beauty, it can be said that it is rare on earth. With her soft and sweet voice and charming smile, dipin can't resist, let alone these people.

"Little Dee! The girl is well. Let's go in and have a rest! There's too much dust out here

Han Zhongguo coughed in the back and said, "wake up the obsessed people. He saw the ugly appearance of these people. Do you really know what to do?"?

This woman is also you dare to make up your mind?

He was afraid that Diping would get angry when he went back. He had seen this man's angry appearance just now, so he rushed out a voice to remind people, and at the same time, he wanted to attract Di Ping's attention.

"Good! I'm really tired, too

Di Ping is also a human spirit. Do you know that he knows the stink of men? This is not a great thing. Who makes Gina too beautiful?

He didn't blame these people, so he nodded with a smile.

More than a dozen people, including Ge Zhongping, woke up when Han Zhongguo had a slight cough. They understood that if they were too strong, they would be scared to sweat!

It was too dangerous just now. This young man is not easy to offend. Several of his own people are really infatuated with sex. They dare to have evil ideas about his women. When they heard Han Zhongguo's rescue, they all showed a relieved smile and felt more grateful to Han Zhongguo."Come on, this way, please!"

Han Zhongguo leads Di Ping to the inside, but all the people behind him follow him. Only Ge Zhongping falls behind.

At this time, his face turned white and red. Today, the leader of the base was ignored and left behind. The few people who followed him did not pay attention to himself!

All this made him angry. He wanted to shoot these people suddenly with a gun, but he knew it was just thinking. After wiping his face and calming down his mood, he still followed.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!