Chapter 100

Gina's eyes angrily looked at the land and sea which had turned into a mass of black carbon. Her hand was still held flat and pointed at him. The flame kept burning, as if to burn it to ashes.

Di didn't stop her hand from lifting her hand.

At this time, everyone looked at the blue eyes of the beautiful black robed woman, as if to see the wild beast, the eyes are full of fear.

The woman was so cruel that she burned a person alive. She didn't do her best. She wanted to burn to ashes. What a cruel heart it was to have such a means. She was afraid of Gina from the bottom of her heart.

At this time, although Di Ping was indifferent, he was not calm in his heart. Just now he was staring at five people. He thought that the land and sea of straw bags would suddenly shoot at himself with such boldness and determination.

At that time, he had no time to think about it. Behind him was Gina. If he dodged the bullet, he would certainly hurt Gina. His high physical strength does not mean that Gina is also a high mage, so he can't hide.

His reaction is very fast, land and sea raised a gun, he saw, but want to stop it is too late, the bullet has been out of the hall. Fortunately, after several times of reinforcement, he could see clearly what Zi looked like when he was ejected from the hall. Moreover, he could see clearly all the tracks of the bullet hitting his face.

He thought of catching the bullet with his hand. He did not expect that he put out his hand and caught the bullet in an instant. As if he had practiced many times, he could easily do it. The bullet was caught by his fingers with a momentum of less than 100 kg.

However, he had no problem with his 5000 kg force. He caught the bullet fired at a high speed and didn't even move his fingers. However, he was not good at using too much force to control the bullet.

In fact, there was a layer of sweat behind him. Just now, if he had the help of God, it was completely beyond his expectation. He had just tried his best to obey the destiny, but he didn't really want to do it.

But if you miss it, then you are in danger. The bullet is directly in his face. He feels that he has gone through the gate of hell.

But Gina was angry for a reason. Her duty was to protect her master. Just now, she didn't expect that someone would attack the master. Fortunately, the master was not hurt. However, it was a humiliation to him, which made her extremely angry. She burned the land and sea alive in anger.

"Kill them!"

People who had been stunned by the sudden situation suddenly woke up and yelled angrily, looking angry and furious.

"Yes! Kill them "

at this time, more people get angry, and their eyes start to turn red. They stare at several people in the field and shout madly. Some people even rush out directly.

Just now this shot is to kill their own hope and block the way for all people to survive. How can they be angry.

"Boom"

it seemed that the explosive was ignited, which exploded directly in the crowd, and spread rapidly, and countless people rushed up like bees.

Five people were blocked in the middle of the team members, direct pale face, flustered hands into the arms to pull out the gun, but the gun has not been pulled out by the crowd rushed on the ground.

It seems that they have suddenly released the beast in their hearts. They are always bloodthirsty. Some people use their fists and others bite them with their teeth. They are cruel to these people. They dare not speak out when they are persecuted. Today, under the suppression of Diping, they finally have a chance to revenge. All of them are extremely excited.

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang were stunned at this time. The angry people flushed their eyes and rushed madly into the torrent of terror.

At this time, two people suddenly shocked and were pulled out. They looked back in amazement and found that it was dipin who pulled them out. Immediately, they looked at dipin gratefully. If they were rushed in by the crowd, they would not die. The basic people's hatred for high-level officials also included them!

Ge Zhongping and the ten companions were drowned in the sea of people. Even the officials who were beside Han Zhongping and Lu Guoliang were not so lucky that they were rescued by Di Ping.

They are also many people fell to the ground, biting and beating, a sound of scream sounded, as if it was a boat, in the angry sea of people tumbling.

More and more people gather, countless people rush forward to rush up, without saying a word is sadistic, and there are people constantly pouring in behind.

"Mr. Di, it won't work. Something will happen!"

Han Zhongguo looked at the crazy crowd anxiously and said.

Di Ping also found that, maybe in this moment, all the people released their fear and anger, which gradually became out of control. Some people began to attack the people around them.

"Stop it all!"

Di Ping's voice, like thunder in the air, exploded in people's minds. All of us were shocked, stopped the movement in their hands, and then slowly regained consciousness, and the red light in their eyes gradually dissipated.

When he saw the blood on his hands and the tragic situation on the ground, his face suddenly changed, and many people began to cry in a low voice.

Di Ping looked at them quietly. He knew that these people were really persecuted. There were words of suffering. They were wrapped in extreme fear and hunger. Everyone came to the edge of collapse. It was a good thing to release them.The cry lasted for half an hour, and then gradually subsided. It seemed that after diarrhea, one spirit was much better.

"Well, the first evil has been removed, and the resentment in my heart has also been vented. In the future, you can all live a safe life, although you can rest assured that there will not be such a person again!"

Di Ping saw that all the people were quiet, and then he said with a gentle smile in his gentle voice, which made everyone relax in the voice.

Everyone looked at di Ping gratefully, and then advised each other, this just turned around and left one after another.

Ge Zhongping is no longer human. His body is covered with blood. He is lying in a pool of blood in a strange posture. His face is completely invisible.

The other ten people were not as good as that. All of them fell into a pool of blood, and none of them could move. Diping took a look at them and knew that these people were all dead. Many people's necks were bitten by people. How could they survive.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!