Chapter 98

Di Ping was so angry that all the people around him felt that the temperature around him had dropped a few minutes. He shivered involuntarily and began to retreat one after another.

"I... I ·"

five people holding the broken arm, head pain straight sweating, see dipin murderous eyes, five people can not stop shaking, open mouth stuttering speechless.

"What's the matter? What's going on? Get out of the way

At this time, a loud and rapid voice came from outside, asking and breaking into the crowd.

Di Ping didn't speak when he heard Han Zhongguo's voice. He just looked at the five people with sharp eyes, and he didn't talk. He wanted to wait for these people to come in. He felt that the matter would not be too simple. These five people had no courage and no plan to kill themselves. He had to get rid of the secret man. He didn't want to be on guard against the secret hands of the people behind him all the time. He liked to make everything unfavorable Erase it.

After a while, several people rushed in. It was really Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang. Later, he followed Ge Zhongping, Lu Hai and others. They were all sweating. The passage was full of people. Several people finally broke in.

At this time, someone has turned on the LED light. When several lights are on, the inside is bright. As soon as several people come in, they see the situation in the circle, and their scalp is numb.

They saw dipin and Gina standing at the door, and there were five bundles of grenades under their feet, five pistols still lying on the ground, and five people in uniform were covering their arms and humming with pain. Han Zhongguo suddenly understood the situation.

As soon as they understood that, they were heartbroken and almost scared to fly. When they were sweating, they came out like a spring. In a second, their backs were all wet with sweat.

How many people can't understand this?

Is this someone trying to kill dipin with a grenade?

Who is so bold and crazy? I don't know that once these grenades explode, not only dipin can't live, but also they can't live. This bomb can definitely blow the roof down. Once the underground shopping mall collapses, they still have a way to live. This man wants everyone to die?

"Mr. Dee Dee sin! This · "

at this time, Han Zhongguo couldn't even shout out Xiao di. It was Mr. Di calling directly, but he stammered and couldn't say a complete word. He was really shocked by who was so vicious and even more afraid of what other changes might happen when Di Ping was angry.

"Good! All of you are here. Why assassinate me? Who did it? "

Di Ping ignored Han Zhongping. His eyes were cold and swept over several faces. Then he looked at the five people holding their arms and asked.

"Ah! Someone is going to assassinate Mr. di? Who is so bold? "

"My God! How can someone assassinate Mr. di? If it hadn't been for Mr. Di, we would have died. If we knew who it was, I would have killed him! "

"Yes, it's too bad to kill him. Mr. Di is here. We just had enough food. Who is so vicious? What a kill

"Some people don't want us to live, find him, kill him!"

"Protect Mr. Dee!"

The crowd heard what Di Ping said before they knew that someone would assassinate them. Mr. Di had spread all over the base yesterday. Mr. Di killed dozens of mutant dogs before saving all the people in the base.

Besides, they also made meat for them to eat. After eating meat, their bodies became stronger and their diseases were much better. All of them were very grateful to Mr. di. But now that some people wanted to assassinate their saviors, they were filled with indignation and clamored to kill these bad guys.

"I... we ·"

the five looked at the angry crowd around them in horror, and looked at the ordinary people who were afraid of themselves as tigers.

At this time, his eyes were round, and he seemed to be about to rush up and kill himself. Suddenly, he retreated again and again with a fright in his heart. When he retreated to the wall, his body trembled and his eyes were helpless.

"Yes, yes! These people should be killed, land and sea. Take these out and kill them. A group of black sheep even want to kill Mr. di. Is there any royal law? "

At this time, Ge Zhongping suddenly stood up and pointed to the five people, shouting with a face of righteousness. He could not even wipe the sweat on his face.

"You, you... Ge Zhongping, you are so cruel..."

when hearing Ge Zhongping's words, all five people raised their heads and looked at him with an unbelievable look in their eyes. One of the short middle-aged men pointed to ge Zhongping, and his eyes were full of hate.

"Come on, pull the five of them out!"

At this time, land and sea stood out and pointed to five people in a sharp voice.

"You... You... You..."

the short man looked at the land and sea in surprise, his mouth was shaking, his fingers pointed at the land and sea, and then pointed to ge Zhongping, and his words were incomplete.

At this time, five uniformed men rushed out of the crowd and swarmed in front of the five. They seemed to have been trained and were good at it. They went forward without saying a word, and punched the five people with broken arms in the stomach.

"Wow..."

the blow was heavy and fierce, and the five people immediately bent down to spit out sour water and lost the ability to resist; the five people who rushed forward twisted their arms and carried their arms behind them, and they would push them out of the crowd."Did I let you move?"

At this time, a cold voice came. The five people were stiff in their movements when listening to the ears. They did not dare to move, but their eyes were all looking at the land and sea.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!