Chapter 92

"Ha ha! Really, the broth smells delicious! Come and eat

Han Zhongguo took it from the delivery staff with a smile. Several officials also took over the bowl one after another. In fact, they had been greedy for a long time, but di Ping didn't say anything. They didn't dare to run to eat. They all realized the strength and means of this young man.

When Di Ping saw that the bowl was full of meat, he didn't say anything. This is the privilege, even in the animal kingdom. After the lioness hunts, the lions in the group eat first, and then the lioness can eat.

So there's no need to be more serious. It's really scanty. Who wants to go up and who wants to be a leader is not good for suffering. He is not pedantic and takes over the bowl and starts to eat.

Lu Hai, who delivered his meal, was relieved at this time. He was really afraid that Diping was a kind of cold headed green. He would be angry when he saw that he had too much meat in his bowl, and would find himself in trouble.

And on the edge of the base, a group of managers holding a bowl to see Di Ping take over eat, and did not say anything, they are also relaxed look at each other, began to eat.

Just now they took over the bowl and saw that there were a lot of meat in the bowl. They were afraid that Diping would lose his temper because of this.

Ge Zhongping didn't eat the bowl at this time. His eyes flashed with pride. He guessed that Diping would lose his temper. He felt that the young man was a cold headed young man, and he would lose his temper!

At that time, these people will not look good on their faces, and they will feel resentful in their hearts. They will surely feel that there is no future for them to follow such people. When they do, they will be able to pull everyone to their side again.

But things did not develop in the direction of expectations, the world is not the only one smart man.

When he saw that dipin just looked at it and didn't speak, he actually ate it. This time he was blinded.

At the same time, he was afraid. He thought the young man was too strong and easy to deal with. At this time, he realized that he didn't understand the man.

This person is too complicated and mysterious. He has the means to be flexible. It's too terrible for such a person. Will such a person make himself feel better?

Thinking about this, his hand holding the bowl was shaking, and he felt that the bowl was heavy.

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang were also very surprised. They took over the bowl in a daze. They were also worried. They were also afraid that Diping would get angry, which would surely lose their hearts.

But he didn't expect that Diping handled it so well. They looked at each other with a smile. Knowing that Bai was worried, he took up the bowl and ate it. They were really hungry and greedy, and their stomachs were already growling.

At this time, many members of the team also peeped at this side while eating. When they saw that di Ping was also eating meat, they immediately exchanged eyes with each other, and then they all looked relaxed and ate the meat in their own bowl.

Lu Hai's meat is not simple. This idea was put forward by GE Zhongping. He wanted to make di Ping make mistakes and make all the management and team members feel that there will be no benefit from such a person.

He wanted to make Diping lose the heart of the management, and then he could pull these people to his side. It can be said that he was well intentioned. However, he did not expect to make a wedding dress for Di Ping and let more people recognize him. At this time, he was bitter and looked at the meat in the bowl, but he had no stomach.

Di Ping is not just a young man in the society. After several years of business, he can see too many things. The world is not black or white, and there is no right or wrong. Different positions lead to different opposites.

Although he can not rely on these people, as long as there are people, there will be classes, which is determined by human nature. No matter whether human nature is good or human nature is evil, as long as people live together, there will be no absolute fairness. There are always people in the top and others in the bottom. Otherwise, it is not a loose sand. Why should we live together? It is not to gather strength and fight against risks.

This is the truth that even primitive people understand. Why do many people still think that there is justice in this world?

Diping vowed that he had never eaten this delicious dog meat. He had eaten it before the end of the world. Although it was very fragrant and tasted good, it was very different from the mutant dog meat now.

The next bite of meat is really delicious. The dog meat stewed is tender and smooth, and chews its head. There is no external flavor. It has a special fresh feeling. It seems that you can see green all over the eyes.

Especially after the dog's belly, a warm current rises from the stomach and flows slowly to the whole body. How sensitive does Di Ping feel!

Although the warm current was small and not obvious, he could still feel it.

After a bowl of meat, Diping felt full. This feeling has never been felt since he strengthened it. Usually, he can't feel full after eating five or six bowls of rice. He always seems to feel hungry. But now this bowl of mutant dog meat feels full by himself.

And the stomach is warm as if there is a small sun in the sun, and then the warmth flows from the stomach to the whole body. It seems that every cell is jumping, every pore is breathing, and the whole person is extremely happy.

The exhaustion of the body all disappeared in a day. The muscles of his body had some faint pain, which disappeared gradually. He felt better not only in spirit!

And it seems that the body also has a weak strengthening, but their own constitution is too strong, strengthening is not obvious, but for ordinary people, the strengthening effect will be much better, and it is also good for the pain of the body.He was overjoyed that the meat can really strengthen the body and enhance physical strength. If it is believed that long-term consumption of the meat is also useful to himself, it is even more valuable for ordinary people. Ordinary people who eat it for a long time can not only enhance their physical fitness, but also stimulate their potential in the body.

Only now did Diping understand why he had eaten so much before. It turned out that with his own strengthening and upgrading, ordinary food became more and more difficult to meet his body's needs.

At this time, he had to eat these mutant animals or plants, which contained energy, in order to provide his body with food, which made him regret that he should not waste all the mutant animal meat!

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!