Chapter 99

"Ha ha, Mr. Di, you can see that these five people offend you. If you don't kill them, you can't calm the people's anger! Mr. Di is so kind that he can't bear to kill. It's not as good as

At this time, Ge Zhongping went to di Ping with a smile and said.

But dipin's cold eyes swept away. He immediately shivered and stifled the words behind him.

"Move if you want to die!"

At this time, the five people seemed to get some instructions from the land and sea. Their eyes were fierce. Five arms that clamped the neck of the other five people were about to exert their strength. But dipin suddenly said blandly, as if to say something funny. But the chill made the five people freeze there and dare not move.

Han Zhong and Lu Guoliang both seemed to understand at this time that they looked at GE Zhongping and Luhai with disbelief and anger.

These veteran officialdom still can't understand who did this. They didn't expect that these two people would be so crazy that they didn't even pay attention to all people's lives for their own desire. How can such people survive.

"Let go

Di Ping did not move, just back his hands, quietly stood there, pale face, five people dare not start, had to gently release their hands.

They know the interests of Diping, and the black robed man standing beside him. Don't they see a fire in her hand?

This fire mutation dog can burn to death, its own that is the vegetable, who dares to move.

Five people were released, their hind legs softened and fell on their knees to cough desperately. Just now, their hands were dead and their necks were cut off. At this time, the underground shopping mall was very quiet. Only coughing could be heard. No one said anything. After a while, the five people felt better and straightened up.

"Tell me! Who wants you to assassinate me? "

At this time, di Ping's voice rang out again, staring at the five people blandly.

"Ge's name is GE's or Lu's. It's you who are unkind. Don't blame us for our injustice."

Hearing what Di Ping said, the five raised their heads and looked bitterly at GE Zhongping and Lu Hai. One of them swore at GE Zhongping and Lu Hai. Then they suddenly turned to di Ping and pointed to Lu Hai and Ge Zhongping. "Mr. Di, they are the ones who want you. In the evening, they call us over and say that you are a violent and murderous man, and they also say that you can't play with women in the base, And those who play with women before liquidation, and those who have committed crimes should be cleaned up! "

"Nonsense! Don't believe them, Mr. di? They're lying. They're biting like crazy now

At this time, Ge Zhongping looked at di Ping with panic and anxiety, pointing to these five people and saying eagerly.

"I'm not lying! The four of them can testify... "

at this time, a short middle-aged man yelled angrily. Then he pointed to the four people behind him, and they were busy nodding. One of them pointed to ge Zhongping and said in a cruel voice:

" he also said, "if you come to the base, our good days will come to an end, and we should give them all the food and drink first. We can't get anything after hard fighting No playing with women

"Yes, yes, he also said that as long as you are killed, women will play with us, and we will eat and drink spicy food with him."

A man on the edge also reached out and pointed to ge Zhongping and Lu Hai's indignant cry.

It's over

It's over

Ge Zhongping looked at the deathly silent look in his eyes, and then he felt excited. He looked at the hatred around him. Like a group of wolves in the night, he was ready to attack and kill himself. He knew what evils he had done. These people wanted to eat and drink their blood. They would not let go of their own. Infinite fear filled their bodies, and their legs were limp and limp He sat down on the ground, his eyes were blank, and his mouth kept whispering.

At this time, the five policemen who had just rushed up began to move out secretly, trying to squeeze out the crowd. At this time, people looked at them angrily and stuck in the circle for him. The five looked at the crowd. Each of them glared at them with hatred and resentment. Their legs and stomachs were trembling, and they slowly retreated.

"Pa"

at this time, a clear sound of gunfire sounded, and people looked at it in disbelief. They saw that the land and sea in the field did not know when to take out a gun, and the muzzle of the gun pointed at Diping. At this time, the muzzle of the gun was still emitting smoke. It is obvious that this gun was fired just now.

All the people looked at the direction of the gun in horror. They all knew that the muzzle of the gun was pointing at di Ping. Everyone was frightened. It was only five or six meters away. What if Mr. Di was killed or injured by a gun?

It's just that when you look at the past, everyone is stupid.

Di Ping, who was pointed at by the gun, was standing there calmly, with a right hand in front of him and two fingers standing up. There was a yellow bullet between the two fingers.

Lu Hai was also silly. He didn't expect that someone could hold neutron bombs with his fingers in this world. This overturned his world outlook and stood there in a daze, but he didn't wait for him to wake up Come on, whoosh, a ball of fire is hitting his chest.

"Boom"

there was an explosion, and the land and sea were nearly a meter away by the fireball, and then they fell to the ground. With the fireball buzzing, countless fire spots quickly covered his whole body, crackling and burning, and the crowd retreated away from the fire."Ah..."

the land and sea screamed bitterly and kept rolling on the ground. However, no matter how he rolled, the flame burned more and more like sticking to him, and a smell of roast meat began to diffuse in the passage.

And the land and sea screamed bitterly, rolled a few circles and then stopped, the scream also stopped, only the flame was still crackling and burning.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!