Chapter 96

Di Ping was looking at his hero list nervously, and his expression was a little anxious. After three minutes, a new hero appeared on the list.

Dee Ping took a close look at it was Owen, the potential hero of s level. He took a long sigh of relief and completely relaxed. When he came to his own bowl, it was his own dish.

See the success, di Ping immediately turned back to the recruitment page, there is a potential hero B waiting for him?

When Di Ping opened the recruitment point, he was immediately dumbfounded. The potential hero of level B even wanted 50 crystal coins. At this time, he still had 48 crystal coins, and he still had 2?

Di Ping had no choice but to exchange the crystal nucleus of the mutated Tibetan mastiff. Originally he wanted to keep it, but he didn't stay. After the exchange, he was happy again. He didn't expect that this crystal nucleus had been exchanged for 8 crystal coins, which was much better than the ordinary mutation dog crystal nucleus.

Di Ping looked at the remaining 56 crystal coins, some reluctantly ordered the B-level potential hero holy Mauk, some heartache crystal coins, which really became clean and smooth.

However, class B heroes are too rare at this stage. He knows when he plays games. In the game, there are only 5% or more potential heroes in level 1 pubs. It can be said that they are rare. If you don't want to be lucky, you can't let it go.

Wu An, the owner of the tavern, was about to take Owen, a soldier, downstairs. When the prism in the middle of the hall creaked again, white energy began to overflow from the gap. He knew that the owner had begun to recruit again. He talked with Owen about it. They stood together and waited on the third floor.

Sure enough, after a while, the prism's white light flashed, and the energy body of a ten meter circle suddenly retracted, and a figure appeared in the middle of the three pillars again.

The figure was confused for a while, and then he stepped out of the space. Wu An took Owen to meet him. Then they went downstairs laughing and joking.

Then Wu'an, Owen and Mok walked out of the tavern and appeared in front of the castle gate. At this time, Barton, the castle steward, was waiting at the door. After a few words with Wu'an, he took Owen and Mok away.

Wu An walks back to his pub. Although the wall guard sees Barton and two strangers entering the castle, no one asks.

Because everyone knew the power and position of Barton in this castle, and no one dared to interfere in his affairs except dipin.

And dipin did not know these, he saw Mok also appeared in his hero list, also relieved, closed the pub.

He wanted to find the backpack function that had just been opened today. After watching the whole screen for a long time, he found the icon of a backpack beside the top picture.

Di Ping was excited when he stood up. A backpack interface appeared in front of him. The backpack was almost the same as in the game. It was also a small grid. A line of five squares, a total of ten lines, was exactly 50 spaces. All the spaces were empty. Only a long knife appeared in the first grid.

Di Ping knew that the sword should have been finished the task and got the Wujin sword. The sword came too timely. His Han sword just broke, and it was no longer suitable. He needed a good weapon for a long time.

Then this sword is what he needs most at the moment, but he looks dizzy at the knapsack lattice. How can I get this sword out?

Just as he was trying to reach out and take it out, suddenly the sword in his knapsack suddenly disappeared, and his hands sank. He looked at it quickly, and a black sword appeared in his hand.

This knife is long and narrow, with a total length of about one and a half meters. The width of the blade is three fingers. The back of the knife is thick and straight. There are deep grooves on the side. The tip of the knife is slightly raised. The blade is slightly curved. The whole body is dark, and there is a flash of black light under the light. The heart of the viewer is cold. The handle is about 30 cm long. It can be held by both hands. After the handle, the head of the leopard is bronze, and the fangs are exposed. It is very aggressive.

The more he looked at it, the more he liked it. It was too suitable for use. It weighed forty or fifty kilograms. It felt strong when it was waved. It was not as light as the Han sword before. It was like holding a hemp pole. It was always too heavy to use.

But this knife is not the same. It is not only full of grip, but also of enough weight. It can give full play to its own strength when it is waved. He believes that if there had been this knife before, the variant Tibetan mastiff could not walk for a round in his own hands.

After playing for a while, he could not help but put away his knapsack. His mind moved, and the sword suddenly disappeared in his hand. Then a backpack frame appeared in his mind, and the sword was already in the first space of the backpack.

Di Ping didn't expect that the backpack had such a function that he could directly check the information in his mind without clicking on the system interface. He could check the information of the items in the backpack as if his own consciousness had entered the backpack. He took the sword in and out of the bag and had a lot of fun. If he didn't feel tired after more than ten times, he had to play for a while.

It was more than nine o'clock, but he didn't want to finish the whole thing. He was really sleepy after such a long time. Today, he rushed to fight again. Both physical strength and mind were consumed a lot. He stood up with yawn and went to bed and fell asleep.

Gina still sat quietly on another bed, meditating, and Diping did not disturb her. He had heard from Gina that they seldom sleep, and they usually use breathing meditation instead of sleeping, so that they can not only practice but also rest.After Diping lay down, Gina opened her eyes and saw that Diping was directly asleep on the bed, her shoes were not off, and the sheet was not covered.

We should know that the weather after the last change is just like autumn. It is not hot at all, and it is a little cold in the evening, especially the underground temperature is lower.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!