Chapter 91

Di Ping did not ignore the people's exclamation. He took back his legs and looked at all the people and said, "some of you will have the same powerful power! Do you want it? "

"Want"

there are many people who are surprised and uncertain, but many young people have already cried out with excitement.

At this time, di Ping pointed to the big iron bucket with five stews and said in a loud voice.

"As long as you follow me, you will become stronger and have meat to eat! Tell me if you want meat? "

"Yes

Many people in the crowd have responded that there are more than just now, but the voice is still too noisy and disorderly.

"Do you want meat?"

Di Ping yelled again.

"Want"

at this time, people finally reacted, and suddenly issued a warm and orderly response, especially the people who participated in the war today, including the original team members of the base, raised their weapons in their hands excitedly and yelled, with crazy eyes and loud cheers.

"Well, please believe me, as long as we unite, we can overcome the difficulties and kill the mutant beast. I promise that this meat meal today is the first time, but it will not be the last! Do you believe that? "

Di Ping raised his right hand and waved it vigorously. His voice was full of passion and encouragement.

"Believe it!"

Even though some people were weak, they did their best to yell, especially the ordinary young people. They saw Gina's terrible and mysterious magic and dipin's powerful power like a Tyrannosaurus Rex. Their desire for power and their worship of the strong made them believe in dipin blindly, Shouting with enthusiasm and madness.

"Good! We eat meat

Di Ping looked at the people who were shouting with satisfaction, and the corners of his mouth showed a smile.

However, he saw that many frail people could not support him, so he stopped talking about it. He waved his hand directly to stop the crowd's shouting, and the people on the stage stopped instantly after receiving Di Ping's instruction.

Ge Zhongping, who was under the stage, saw the ashes on his face. When he knew it was over, it would be difficult for him to seize power again. Now the people's will, especially those who participated in the battle today, have reached the point where they must listen to di Ping. If they want to take power again, it is more difficult, except for...!

thinking of this, his eyes twinkle with danger, and his fist is tightly clenched Together...

but Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang looked at each other's eyes with shock and helplessness. They didn't expect that this young man was so powerful that he pulled everyone into their own camp.

There is a strong strength to show, but also has the interests of the current, and the temptation to stew on the spot, a few people can stabilize their position.

What's more, what they do is not good. They can't give these people anything. They can't guarantee the most basic safety and food. What else should these people do with themselves?

Don't mention the inner changes of these people!

At this time, Diping had already instructed the staff to put the meat in the basin and carry it to the table that had been prepared for a long time. At this time, the fragrance became more and more diffuse. Diping couldn't help sniffling. The variant dog meat was too fragrant.

Smelling the smell of meat, everyone was excited and began to squeeze forward, trying to eat quickly. Fortunately, there was someone pressing on the side, so no one dared to leave the team and rush forward.

When the first person took over a bowl of broth and several pieces of meat from the staff, he stood at the table, reached into the bowl and took out a piece of meat, regardless of whether it was hot, he directly sucked in the cold air, but he was reluctant to spit it out.

One after another, people got the broth and began to enjoy it. The people in front of them stamped their feet in a hurry and kept urging the people in front of them to be faster.

finally, many people drank the meat into their stomachs. These people shed tears while eating. This is a kind of happy tears. It seems that eating this meat makes him very satisfied.

Before the end of the world, there would be such a life. At that time, the food was not delicious, the meat was not fragrant, and life was tasteless and tasteless. Now, a bowl of broth is like God's soup. It's moving!

More and more people received the broth, and the whole underground shopping mall was quiet, with only the sound of blowing and the sound of constantly flipping their mouths because of the heat.

Everyone is fighting with the meat and soup in the bowl, and there is no leisure to talk. However, those who have received the meal early are staring at others drinking soup and eating meat, and their mouths are pounding, which seems to be aftertaste!

Half an hour later, everyone got the broth, and many of them had finished eating it. However, everyone could only get one portion of the broth. They did not dare to go forward. They had to watch others eat meat eagerly. At this time, some people regretted that they had eaten too fast and didn't taste it.

Then the base team members and the teams participating in the war today also began to take meat to eat. They can get more meat, and there are many meat pieces floating in the bowl.

Eating that called a incense, all faces are filled with a smile, it seems that this meat is more delicious than delicacies, the happiness of that face is beyond words.

At this time, Han Zhongguo, Ge Zhongping, Lu Guoliang and several people on the land and sea were relieved. The scene was good. Fortunately, there was no accident. They came to di Ping again.At this time, someone has already brought a bowl of broth to me. Di Ping said to several people with a smile.

"Come on, let's eat too. It smells delicious! I've been greedy for a long time

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!