Chapter 97

Gina looked at Diping's sleeping appearance and grinned. She opened her legs and came to the bed. She gently took off dipin's shoes and covered him with a list. Then she stood in front of the bed and studied dipin's face carefully.

A few seconds later, she seemed to think of something. She turned back to the bed and sat down cross legged again. She closed her eyes and meditated. Her sharp chest and slightly beating eyelids showed that she was not in the state of meditation at all.

Di Ji, who used to sleep in a group, was more sleepy than human beings. Now, he could not sleep at ease like a human being.

The night was quiet, and the whole underground shopping mall was in a dark, full of food, and everyone fell asleep. Only three or four people at the entrance of the gate were watching for fear that some mutant animals would break in.

Today, these people all ate the mutant dog meat. They were warm all over. After a while, their eyelids became stiff and began to doze.

At this time, there were five dark shadows stretching their heads from a room, and then the sneaky cat leaned on his back and felt for the passage. Everyone was still carrying a black bag, and I didn't know what it contained.

They walked lightly, and slowly groped forward in the passageway. People in the shops on both sides were sleeping soundly, and snoring and night language were heard from time to time.

Five people have been feeling inside, do not know what these people want to do, more than ten minutes later, they came to a shop, five people look at each other, confirm that it is here, began to take things from the back of the bag.

The underground shopping mall at night is too dark for anyone to see what they are taking. However, no one can see it now. If anyone sees it, they will be scared. This store is the place where dipin sleeps. What do these people do here?

In the room, Diping was sleeping soundly, and the slight snoring echoed in the room. He was in deep sleep. At this time, Gina had already calmed down. She closed her eyes and meditated peacefully. It seemed that she had entered the state of deep cultivation.

Suddenly Gina's eyes opened, blue as a lightning in the night sky.

She opened her eyes and listened to her ears for a while. She knew that she was right. There was someone outside the door. She opened her legs from the bottom of the bed to the ground, and quietly walked to Diping's bed and gently pushed him.

Di Ping opened his eyes fiercely. Although he was in deep sleep, he would wake up immediately if there was any movement. He didn't have any movement. His eyes looked at Gina like electricity. When he found it was Gina, his tight face relaxed and asked.

At this time, Gina put a finger in front of her mouth and made a silent gesture. Then she reached out and pointed to the door. Dipin came to understand him. Slowly, she got up and listened. The sound from outside really reached his ears.

He secretly reproached himself that he was sleeping too heavily. Whenever he left a snack, these people would hear him when they came to the door.

At this time, five people outside the door were opening their bags. They began to put the contents of the bags on the edge of the door of Diping's room, and then they began to pull a wire. Suddenly, the door opened with a bang. Two figures were standing at the door, and one of them had a torch in his hand. The space around the door was bright.

"Ah

The five people were frightened and jumped away with a cry. At the same time, the things in their hands also fell to the ground. In this silent night, the sound of the scream was like half air thunder. The whole underground shopping mall was buzzing. From time to time, people were woken up, especially the night watchmen. They opened their eyes in horror and looked around, thinking that there was a mutant animal.

The five people were really scared by the sudden appearance of Diping and Gina. However, when they saw that they were two in the light of the fire, they immediately exposed each other's ferocity. They reached into their arms and each took out a gun and raised their hands to shoot at Diping.

Di Ping knew what they were going to do as soon as he saw five people taking them out of his arms. He immediately moved his body and shot out as fast as lightning.

"Kaka..."

a few crisp bone fracture sounds sounded, especially terrible in this silent night.

"Ah..."

then five painful and tragic cries were heard, which was even louder than the scream just now. All the people in the underground shopping mall were startled. Only some people who were really too heavy to sleep didn't wake up. The rest of the people got up in panic. Listening to the scream, they thought that there was a mutant animal attacking people.

All of them called up their relatives and friends to get ready to run. They just waited for a while, only to hear five people groan, no one screamed to run, and saw someone running to the noise place, they all ran to have a look. After a while, the passage was full of people.

At this time, di Ping has returned to the original place. Just now, he quickly broke the hands of the five people holding the gun, and the gun fell on the ground. The screams of the five people startled the people on both sides of the passage. When they came out one by one, they could not understand what had happened.

"Say, who sent you here?"

At this time, dijka's five bundle of things may not blow up at the door of the shopping mall, but it's not her own five bundle of things that blow up at the door of the mall, otherwise, it's not her own five bundle of things to blow up His murderous opportunity emerges, and his strong murderous spirit emanates.www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!