Chapter 95

Di Ping closed his eyes and felt for a while. This time, his body strengthening obviously exceeded the previous three-level strengthening, and his strength also increased a lot. The previous level increased by about 200 Jin.

This time, he obviously felt that he had only increased 400 kg less, which was twice as much as before, and his body strength was also increased much more than before. Now he felt that he would not be injured by ordinary knife cutting on his body.

He opened his eyes and saw the broken sword on the tea table. Dipin took it and stroked it gently on his arm. Sure enough, there was only a white mark left, and there was no bleeding. He used some strength to stroke it again, which left a shallow bloodstain on the skin.

It seems that it is really different from the game. After upgrading from level 3 to level 4, the required energy is increased, but the effect of reinforcement is also increased. This is a good thing. Di Ping thinks that no matter what way, as long as you can improve your own strength, there is no need to think about it.

Looking at the information displayed by himself, he turned into a level Four. He was still a little happy. He believed that he would become stronger and stronger, with the existence of a system. For example, the mutant crocodile and the giant eagle would be his own dishes.

Calm down a little agitated mood, di Ping got the crystal core before he took it out of the system backpack. After the knapsack function was turned on, he put it into the backpack. It was very convenient. When his mind moved, he disappeared and then it was displayed in the backpack.

Opening the bag, a small pile of jade beads appeared in di Ping's eyes. He counted them carefully. There were altogether 40 jade beads. Before that, he kept 6 of them. In the underground shopping mall, a total of 33 jade beads were harvested. In addition, a larger crystal nucleus of the mutant Tibetan Mastiff was exactly 40.

At present, it seems that he can only change the Tibetan crystal into other coins, which is more valuable than other Tibetan crystal coins?.

"Di... Exchange 39 crystal cores and get 48 crystal coins!"

After the system beeps, except for the largest crystal core of Tibetan mastiff, all the rest become crystal coins. When he opens his head, he finds that his crystal coin has become 548 coins.

After finishing the task, he also got 500 crystal coins. With so many crystal coins, dipin decided to do one thing, that is to use up the legendary recruitment volume.

With excitement, he was able to recruit S-level heroes. He believed that the 500 crystal coins would be enough. He went to the tavern, opened the recruitment interface, click refresh, and chose to use the legendary recruitment volume.

After confirmation, the recruitment interface began to be covered by a white light. The original heroes began to disappear in the white light. Then the white light became brighter and thicker. After a few seconds, the white light gradually faded, and three heroes reappeared in the hero box.

"Shit! Shit! ... "

Di Ping burst out two rude words, and his eyes were even stupidly looking at the screen, and the color of ecstasy on his face showed no doubt.

"Master! What's the matter with you? "

Dina's eyes were awakened by Dina's concern.

"Eh! It's OK, it's OK. Do you have a rest? "

Di Ping smiles and repeatedly waves her hands to let Jina rest. Gina has some doubts and looks at di Ping. She doesn't know what the master has done, but she has closed her eyes and sat on the ground to meditate.

Dipin was so surprised to see what he saw! Because he saw three heroes, not only an S-class hero, but also a B-class hero, which made him happy. The other D-class hero didn't look directly, and his eyes were fixed on the S-class hero. The hero was also a soldier named Owen, and the B-class hero was a holy post named Mok lez.

After thinking about it, di Ping decided to recruit S-class heroes first. It was not that he was anxious. He was afraid that the crystal coins were not enough. He wasted a legendary recruitment volume. He pointed on Owen's head portrait and chose to recruit. As expected, he yelled at the crystal coins he needed. The price of S-level recruitment was really expensive! Actually, 500 crystal coins are needed. I thought there were a lot of 500 crystal coins?

This time, he returned to the pre liberation, but for the sake of the S-class hero, he had to bear the heartache and choose to make sure that the hero Owen disappeared in a burst of white light.

At this time, the Runes of three prismatic pillars on the third floor of the tavern in the base suddenly lit up, and then slowly opened. A group of light shining between the pillars slowly moved outward. The white light in the middle became more and more bright, and gradually formed a light sphere of light. The light ball became more and more bright and stronger. The electric snake flashed in the space of the whole three pillars, like an apocalyptic scene.

The light lasts for a minute or two, and then it explodes suddenly. The strong light makes the whole third floor shine like day. The fierce lightning shoots out in the center and explodes, and then a human shadow slowly emerges in the electric light.

The white light energy began to recover slowly, and the thunder and lightning began to dissipate. Finally, the white light energy ball with a radius of 10 meters suddenly closed to the center, and finally disappeared quickly. A clear figure appeared in the middle of the three pillars.

The figure was stunned for a moment, then stepped out of the three column space. At this time, the figure of Wu'an, the owner of the tavern, also appeared at the entrance of the third floor, looking at the figure with a smile on his face.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!