Chapter 94

Di Ping looked at the beauty in front of her, and began to breathe heavily. The fierce fire was burning in the bottom of his eyes, and his heart was full of enthusiasm like a horse.

At this time, Gina's hands to wash dipin's feet were shaking. She heard the sound of dipin's heavy breathing, and felt the strong desire of dipin's body. She immediately felt her face red and her heart beat.

I like this master from the bottom of my heart. I can't refuse what I want. From the heart, she doesn't want to refuse.

She felt dipin's more and more heavy breathing, waiting for her fate to come, a strange feeling climbed into her heart, and her body was slightly warm.

There was a little expectation in my heart, but also some fear at the same time.

At this time, she is lowering her head, or a blushing red face will certainly expose her real thoughts at this time.

For a time, a pair of jade hands do not know what to do, but unconsciously knead, waiting for the arrival of that scene.

But all of a sudden, she heard the heavy breath slow down, she was a little puzzled, looked up and found that although the master was not looking at himself, the fear and shyness in her eyes disappeared and became clear again.

This makes her very puzzled, master. What's the matter?

Did you make the master angry again?

Think of here a pair of beautiful eyes in the water mist gradually rise, in the heart aggrieved, oneself just did not move?

In fact, it's not that Diping didn't want to. He almost lost his square inch just now, but he still tried to hold back at the last moment.

This abnormal state had already caused his vigilance, and his impulsive state reappeared. He immediately woke up, and his life was suppressed.

He didn't expect that this time he was very relaxed to suppress his own desire and clear up again. He breathed out a long breath in his heart and did not dare to look at Gina.

Gina seems to have a kind of magic, extremely seductive ability, but also with a pure, these two contradictory temperament appear in a person, not only does not show conflict, but also more easily cause the fire of desire.

Fortunately, he had the best moment to rein in the precipice and hold his restless desire to make no mistakes, which made him have a subtle sense of accomplishment.

Gina gently washed dipin's feet and poured the water.

After a long time, he didn't wait for the bird and beast of Diping to come over, so he also put down his heart and felt a slight loss.

Di Ping doesn't care about this. He is really tired today. After washing, he leans on the sofa and opens the system. He wants to see his harvest today.

A virtual interface appeared in front of him. Now dipin has built a castle, manor and tavern. These three buildings have become colorful and bright.

In the picture, another icon lights up. At first, it is the warehouse, but Diping is disappointed. What he wants most is the market and workshop.

In the market, you can buy things you need, such as weapons and equipment to enhance your strength, as well as some survival necessities.

It's just that he doesn't know whether the market is the same as that in the game. What are the contents of the sold things? Only when the market is completed can he know.

Workshops are even more needed. If the tavern is the talent center of the base, the workshop is the development focus of the base. If a base wants to develop healthily, the workshop is indispensable. Only with him can the combat system be rapidly improved.

From weapons to potions to runes, workshops are needed to build them. This is what he lacks most at present and is also the key to the development of the base.

Therefore, the warehouse is not the most needed for him at this time, but he still can't understand the construction sequence of the system, so he has to let everything be built! Click the warehouse icon to display the option of building price, 20 crystal coins.

Di Ping was upset. He didn't expect that the warehouse was so expensive that he had to use 20 crystal coins. How many crystal coins did he have to use to recruit heroes.

However, there is no way to build a warehouse. There is no other way to build it. It's just that the warehouse has to go back to the selected place for construction. Now, you don't have to worry about it. You can turn off the options and open the pub.

There are still two heroes in the tavern box. There is no change in the interface, but the soul energy displayed on the pub has changed, and the soul energy has become 194 points.

Although looking at so much energy some greedy, just looking at is also white, he dare not rise too fast, to steadily upgrade, but today he still want to rise, today's battle let him feel his strength is still a little poor, otherwise he won't fight with mutant Tibetan mastiff so much suffering.

Finally a bite!

He opened his avatar and chose upgrade, but he was stunned when he opened the upgrade option, because this upgrade actually required 30 soul energy points, which was only 20 points before, but now it has increased. What's the matter?

Is it true that the upgrade of reality is different from that of a game? Only when the game is upgraded to level 3, the energy points of each level will increase. But now it is only level 1 and level 4 have changed. Is it different from the game? At this time, Diping is puzzled and presses his mind to confirm the upgrade.

Another energy seems to come from the void, detonating in the depth of the body, like a torrent, sweeping towards his whole body.Every time the energy passes by, the muscles and bones in this place seem to be enhanced by the energy, warm and numb. Every cell is cheering and jumping, Gugu spitting energy, and the whole body's blood is flowing rapidly, like the surging river, as if you can hear the rolling sound.

Ten seconds later, the energy flowed all over his body, and then from all over the body converged to the small abdomen elixir field. Di Ping felt that Dan was like a warm water flowing into the body and became warm, and then some swelled and stretched, accompanied by a slight tingling.

After a few seconds, the energy seems to be in the secondary progress of the void, slowly dissipate, can not find a trace, boiling blood also slowly smooth down.

This upgrade also has no previous pain, but is very comfortable. The whole person is warm and tired.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!