Chapter 93

He patted his stomach contentedly. Someone had already come to take the bowl in his hand. At this time, all the people finished eating. Some of them leaned against the wall and picked their teeth lazily. It seemed that he had eaten too many teeth. Some of them had fallen asleep and snored directly.

All the officials in the base also finished eating. They all looked satisfied. Many people patted their stomachs. Although their bowl was much less than that of dipin, they were just ordinary people. They had to work hard to digest the meat. Although it was not much, it was enough.

"Mr. Di, what do you do with the remaining soup?"

At this time, Lu Hai came to di Ping, pointing to an iron bucket.

This guy looks straight, his mouth is still stained with a lot of oil, it seems that he did not eat less. With his eyes looking at the iron bucket, sure enough, there is still a small half barrel of soup in the iron bucket, and there are some pieces of meat floating in it.

"In this way, some people who are weak and sick, and the elderly or children can get them some soup to drink. This meat is good for the sick and the weak. Let them drink more, and maybe they can get better after a night's rest!" Di Ping looked at the broth in the iron bucket and thought for a while, and then ordered the land and sea.

"Good! I'll do it right away. Mr. Di is really a Bodhisattva

Lu Hai said with a flattering smile and thumbs up.

Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang both smile with satisfaction when they hear it on the edge. Their eyes toward Di Ping are more and more bright and divine. They are more and more unable to understand this young man, but they are also more and more satisfied. Some thoughts in their hearts are not willing to look out.

"Diego

"Diego

After Lu Hai obeyed Di Ping's orders to arrange, Yue lie and Qi Han both came to him, with a young girl behind them.

"Oh, finished? Have you eaten all the meat

Di Ping asked with a smile.

"I've got it, Diego. I'm still full of food!"

They both laughed and nodded, and Liu Han patted his stomach to show that he was full.

"Digo, this is my girlfriend, Yang Lan"

at this time, Yue lie pulled the girl from the back and introduced it to di Ping.

"Dee... Digo!"

This is a pretty good girl. She is white and clean. She is thin and tall. She is about 1.68 meters tall. She has long hair with shoulder protection. She is black and straight. Her face is fine and balanced. She is gentle and quiet. Although her appearance is not comparable to those girls such as Yu Shujie and Liu Bingyu, Ning Nan, she is also in the middle. It seems that Yue lie has a good vision, girl A little nervous, head down, voice low.

"Hello Yang Lan! Don't be nervous! I don't eat people

Di Ping said hello to Yang Lan with a smile, and then with a smile, he put his hand on Yue lie's shoulder and said, "Yue lie, you have a good eye and your girlfriend is very beautiful! You're too good. You're begging me to save her? If I were, I'd have to run faster too

"Haha! Thank you, dick

Yue lie saw Yang Lan cast gratitude and eager eyes to himself, and immediately knew that di Ping was giving him a long face! Thank you to di Ping quickly and gratefully.

Thank you, dick

Di LAN followed Yang closely.

"All right! Don't thank you for coming and going. If you're full, go and have a rest

Di Ping smiles and waves his hand to stop the two people and thanks.

"Let's go, then, and we'll do what Diego wants us to do!"

Yue lie two people also know that di Ping must be busy, did not look at the edge of the multi base high-level are waiting? I'm not delaying to say goodbye to di Ping.

When the three men left, Ge Zhongping, Han Zhongguo and Lu Guoliang came forward and asked Di Ping to have a rest. In fact, everyone was very tired today. From building a frame in the morning and fighting at noon, everyone felt exhausted. After eating and eating, their eyelids began to harden.

Di Ping didn't give in. He was also tired. At this time, he was really sleepy after eating. After several people led him to a clean shop, it was like that.

There is a bed and a table, and the tea table has been brewed with tea. Two small battery LED lights light up the space. People enter the room and have a few words to say goodbye and leave. There are only two people left in the room: dipin and Gina.

There was a basin of water on a chair in the corner of the wall. Diping took off his coat, and his clothes were covered with blood. At this time, they all hardened. After simply cleaning up the blood stains on his lower body, he found that there was a suit of men's clothes on the bed. At the same time, he thought that it was arranged by that person, which was fully prepared and meticulous. Considering his own needs, he was very comfortable Is it personal?

After wiping it, the whole person was much more relaxed. Diping sat down on the sofa and took a sip of tea.

"Gina, I'll do it myself."

At this time, Gina had gone to pour out the dirty water from dipin's washing, took some water from the side bucket again, put it into the basin, and then took it to dipin's feet, and bent down to take off dipin's shoes.

Diping hastily stopped, but Gina did not reply. She took off her shoes and put them into the water.A chill rose from her feet, which made dipin very comfortable. Looking at Gina who lowered her head to wash her feet, she suddenly felt very warm.

Now dizina has taken off the mage's black robe outside, revealing her lower chest and bare shoulder blue linen jacket. Now she squats in front of dipin, showing her perfect body curve in front of him, especially standing down from her chest. The towering mountain peak in front of her breast can be seen clearly.

At this glance, dipin felt a burst of fire in his heart.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!