Chapter 101

"Arrange for someone to clean it up."

Di Ping sighed with a long sigh. In the end, human life is just like grass roots, but he can't. some people have to take the road to death. They can't blame others. Then he turns to Han Zhongguo, who is still in shock.

"Eh! OK, OK, I'll arrange it right away

Han Zhongguo heard Di Ping's words, and then he came back to the God's urgent response.

"By the way, if there are still some black sheep to deal with at the same time!"

Just as Han Zhongguo turned to leave, he was stopped by Di Ping. A light and floating word came into his ears. The tone was flat, as if they were chatting. After hearing this, Han Zhongguo was shocked and stopped. Then he looked back at di Ping and found that di Ping was looking at himself with plain eyes like water.

At this time, his heart was beating violently, and thousands of thoughts were wandering in his mind. He didn't expect that the young man would be so decisive and determined to die with a gentle floating word. Ge Zhongping was dead, but he still refused to let go of some of his subordinates.

However, on second thought, he thought that this was really the king's posture. Although Ge Zhongping was dead, he was also killed along with a dozen or so of his subordinates.

However, there are still a few people who are not less evil than these people. If you let those people who are guilty of serious crimes easily let go, how should we account for the people in the base? Moreover, these people are time bombs. What should we do if something goes wrong? It is reasonable to guard against thieves every day.

He stopped trying to persuade him. Only at this time did he realize that the young man's strength was beyond the ordinary people in both means and mind. On the contrary, he fell into a lower position, and some women's benevolence was lost.

Thinking of this, the vision of Di Ping has changed. If we say that we were frightened by the strength of Di Ping, now we are really beginning to believe in di Ping's strength and ability, begin to accept the change of leadership position, and put our own mentality to adapt.

"Good! I see!"

Having figured out these things, Han Zhongguo felt suddenly cheerful and relaxed. Looking at di Ping, he nodded his head earnestly, and then turned around and walked away with great strides.

"Brother Lu, many people should be frightened tonight. Please calm down. We will communicate with you if there is any situation!"

Watching Han Zhongguo turn away, di Ping turns to look at Lu Guoliang and calmly stares at his eyes.

"Good! I'll go at once

Lu Guoliang did not hesitate, nodded to answer, and then turned to leave in a hurry.

Seems to follow their own arrangement is reasonable, looking at Lu Guoliang far away in the background, di Ping mouth slightly show a smile.

He didn't know that Lu Guoliang had been observing secretly. When he heard what Di Ping said to Han Zhongguo, a satisfied smile appeared on his lips.

Therefore, Diping told him to do things, he did not have a second word, because he passed his test, he and Han Zhongguo began to recognize the leadership of Diping.

Looking at the guns and five bundles of grenades on the ground, dipin put all these things into his backpack and turned back to the room. After a quick glance, Gina turned and followed her into the room.

Back in the room, dipin did not feel sleepy. He turned on the system because he wanted to check something, which troubled him and made his mentality somewhat complicated.

Just after Gina killed Lu Hai, he didn't expect a green energy ball rising from Lu Hai's body. Although this energy is not comparable to that of the mutant Tibetan mastiff, it is bigger and more rich than ordinary mutant dogs.

When the energy ball rises, it also rushes into his body quickly, and then he gets the prompt tone of the system.

After checking the system, sure enough, the energy value changed from 164 to 179, an increase of 15 energy points.

He remembers that he killed Wang Delin and Bai Hansheng before, but he didn't get any enhanced energy?

Why did this murder happen?

At the same time, he was slightly worried that he had absorbed the energy of human soul for human beings, which made him feel a little uncomfortable, and he always felt that he should be separated.

At the same time, he has a kind of worry, will he one day kill a large number of the same kind of strength?

It was not in line with her own ideas. Dipin couldn't think of it for a moment. She sat quietly on the sofa in a daze. However, Gina did not know what she was thinking. She stood still and did not speak. Her eyes looked at him with some worry.

"Di 路路路路 the host is extremely worried. Whether it is mutant animals or humans, it is a form of heaven and earth energy. After death, the energy dissipates to replenish the heaven and earth, and the system just takes this energy for the host. Is there any difference between the specific energy from human beings or animals? As long as the host keeps a clear and clean heart all the time, it's OK not to kill indiscriminately or to kill too much! "

Just as dipin was struggling, suddenly a sound came from the system, explaining the principle of energy for him.

"System? You can hear me

"Dee... Yes!"

The system is cold, and the electronic sounds are coming.

"Why didn't you reply when I called you before

"Di... The host is so delicious! Talk more about wasting feelings "

" poof "Di Ping almost a mouthful of old blood spurted out, which is actually the reason.

"Then why are you talking to me now?"

Dipin asked angrily.

"Di... My existence is to guide the host to become stronger and better. Now there is a problem with the host's mentality, so I have to guide it in a hurry!"

The cold voice of the system rang again, explaining the reason for this speech.

"Will you respond to my questions after that?"

"Tick... Look at the mood!"

The sound of the system is very loud. Dipin almost spurts blood again. This system is really good. It depends on the mood when answering questions. After all, I still don't chat with him. Chatting can strike the dead.

www.mylovenovel.com , the fastest update of the webnovel!